four three two one they were live so
what am I not supposed to say huh Oh
cunt
oh yeah yeah it sorry that's the title
the title to show that we've we've
omitted from the print yes
listings yes yeah the shows actually
called don't say cunt with apologize
this is the one place where you're not
gonna hear the word cunt yeah it's a
kind of a promise minutes there'll be 45
minutes because as we understand it
Americans don't like the word cunt some
Americans
yeah it's getting number that's what
yeah yeah well that day there was
there's an a bunch of women that we're
trying to take it back who was it was
that the the guys we fucked girls I
think it was they were trying to take it
back they're trying to like you know
take down a cunt yeah well I think I'm
very dead inside my head
what's the matter Dave Dave's having to
die oh my I might have disconnected yeah
this is fun for the you to me I'll hook
it up you're okay yeah Mike there's a
little bit of an issue I feel like I
feel like there's a pressure
differential well you only have one ear
on - oh yeah both c'mon ya took it off
because they couldn't hear anything
check check check check three four five
no thanks that's me a little no that's
Paul apparently I think that's me that's
me I can do something that somebody's in
here gremlins in with the fucking side
which was me and that's our show
this one one I hear your game there we
go there we go that's good
so I always hear Dave so what why did
you guys choose that as your podcast
title we're Canadians and cunt is not
not nearly as bad in Canada really this
is a swear word yeah yeah it yeah it's I
don't know what they need to put out
some sort of a periodic table of the
atomic weight of swear words you know
hunt would be quite quite heavy but
whatever you're in the American yeah but
here in America can't actually just wood
drop through the crust of the earth yeah
it's too heavy just tumble right down to
the core he'll go through the other side
yeah so yeah I guess we just found that
patently ridiculous well we like you
know we we grew up I grew up hearing the
word a lot from my my dad what is your
dad like not like much anymore he's dead
Thanks 1979 sorry dude 1979 okay but no
as I always say he was mad there are no
better parents than dead parents they
can't fuck you up in yeah that's right
but my dad that was a real really fond
of that word in English there's no
Canadian a full Canadian but being
Canadian is kind of like being brush
letters have English people on your
money stuff yeah yes and we get all the
English movies on English TV show we we
pledge allegiance to the Queen in school
you know still and in our sleep so many
good things about Canada yet so many
preposterous things yes true it's the
fact well the fact that a monarchy still
exists at all is preposterous yeah is
great on paper yeah yeah well the
monarchy even itself has become Kardash
unified well yeah right like it but
didn't they weren't they always I guess
they were I mean like tell us in two
days and yeah or even just back to Henry
the eighth I'm sure what what maintained
the the monarchy other than the fact
that people wanted celebrities and those
the only celebrities they had right and
the priests and I think Henry the eighth
also had a sim plants yes he did
yeah yeah Wow yeah good for him
progressive yeah it's ahead of his time
yeah that that is an interesting thing
it's like the Prince Charles lady Di's
saga was essentially one of our first
reality things to enjoy yeah yes that
was madness yeah and it happened it was
so huge and then someone said well what
if we just make housewives in Orange
County
royalty hmm and and you don't have to
pay them as much as the king and queen
you can cancel them yeah
those shows are wonderful
there I've never seen an episode of any
of their fascinating the Beverly Hills
one is there was well there's different
versions of them right and different
versions yet to see the geographical
creepiness of like Atlanta yeah yeah
Atlanta's not a bad one the worst one
was Jersey they're fucking savage people
yeah that's my ancestors those fucking
savage monkey photos yeah I'm the worst
anything kind of version the worst of
anything the worst the worst penicillin
is the jersey penicillin you know CSI
jersey was terrible by the way no that
doesn't exist yeah the Beverly Hills one
all of them were fascinating it was take
take people force them in these
situations were they gonna have his
artificial disputes well it was crazy to
me is watching people succumb to the
pressure of all that attention when
they've never experienced it before and
then you're gonna just thrust them into
this massively popular you know yeah
for lack of a better word cunt fest yeah
right well if you take a chance yeah and
you divorce it of any supporting sort of
supporting under you know talent
structure yeah or does no offering
there's no painting no sculpting they
take yeah because Fame will destroy if
you're a brilliant artist Fame will
destroy you
yes if there's nothing underneath the
fame its there's nothing to hold it up
well I remember watching kelsey
Grammer's wife I'd met her before she
seemed like a very nice lady
Camille yeah Camille and then she forgot
her name thank you I didn't want to just
contacts owner he was a huge Camille
thing I tattoo I was gonna say do you
have a tattoo but she decided to play
the heel and the prat it was so obvious
that the pressure was just overwhelming
the hatred that was coming her way
you know she had decided she was gonna
be the boss bitch on the show just let
everybody know you know this is how it
is and I'm I'm here to run things and
yeah just a swamp of evil that came her
way and she's like uh quit done fuck the
show she bailed out of
good for her yeah well this even joins
that role or was it like a producer it
said here's your angle well according to
Kelsey he told her like hey okay this is
what you've always wanted here like
because that's like what led to their
divorce or what was happening during
yeah them getting divorced you know he
essentially said you know this is what
you've always wanted
like I don't think you understand this
so good luck with it
and then you know she just kind of
vanished afterwards like fuck all this
which is wise on her part she she
recognized what it is but they're like
those those people that are on it like I
know some people who know some folks
that are on the show yeah and it's they
just go crazy they start popping pills
and losing their mind they're in therapy
every day and just madness yeah the
desire for fame with nothing more to it
than other than a desire to be famous
yeah can only drive you insane yeah I
think fame fame as a as an emergent
property of doing something right is
bearable it's ironic but it's so strange
and so difficult to truly manage yeah
but you can at least say I don't define
myself by the fame I divide myself by
the work that you created the fame yes
whereas if there's no work underneath it
it's you know it you only exist in so
much as people are aware of you you
exist in those moments when you walk
into a room and everyone's staring at
you yeah that's what you look for and
that's it I have that anyway because of
my body so I guess you know real Fame
yeah and your and the horrible allergy
you have to pants that's true I can't
wear pants and yeah every time I walk in
the room
well I always said like that the that
fame is a property of the beholder not
the beheld and that that Fame only
exists along with somebody in the room
knows who you are right at a minute
you're in a room where no one knows you
your fame evaporates that is one of the
weirdest interrogations I've ever gotten
is when people go why do these people
know you yeah who are you who are you
take a photo with you there's somebody
but I don't know who the weird thing is
they're almost offended that other
people know you and they don't yeah like
why are you're playing at
game with me white why don't I know you
angry yeah well they're all so there's
the other thing about famous that people
feel like they could just start talking
to you yes yeah yes yeah just you can
sit next year oh yeah you could be in
the middle of an intense conversation
with the your favorite person on the
planet
they have a farm now why do you they've
been in their house I their living room
I had a guy come to me in the street and
just go hey Dave how you doing and I
thought no one must know him says that
oh I'm good how are you doing man and
his next line was you don't even know me
a fucking phony baby that was me that
was you I wish I was better at faces was
this in Canada this was in downtown LA
real ins amazing I even know me a
fucking phony I'm just trying to be nice
yes was he a drunk no it was like he was
a guy you just pretend I know him just
watch this
Wow was that the end of the conversation
yeah that was basically it Wow yeah what
a rude person
that's a terrible conversation it's like
the guy who auditioned for News Radio in
96 just never got no fucking I was on my
way to stardom yeah and it'd be fair was
me
I tripped him up yeah yeah um you still
doing that show with dr. ken no we
stopped when they cancelled it oh that's
always a good move yeah not right away
it's several months in doing the show
after it was killed yeah we didn't we
called the doctors can't remember what
was the name and we could still call dr.
Raza real doctor right I don't think she
as far gone as drew once you've been
pushed in front of Congress
yeah and they questioned you on your
weight loss claims yeah yeah yeah yeah I
had so sorry that your show that had a
crazy title or something wasn't it
doctor can that was it dr. ken yeah he
just did a Netflix special he did he's
being that back doing stand-up
yeah he's one of the sweetest guys on
the planet Earth he is a nice man very
very nice guy and he's uh yeah I got a
lovely family
yeah and a super good guy um are you
still doing the acting thing you
enjoying it off and on you know enjoying
yeah
difficult concept will you always that's
that was the take I had on it
with you back in 94 it's a better job
than most yes you know yes you know I
like that I like you know it's you know
it's like when you're doing something
you like there's a certain satisfaction
but even that even like when we were
doing news radio you don't get to enjoy
it because you're you're so focused on
whatever the flaws are well you're
making it right right right yeah you get
to enjoy it during the wrap party yeah
yeah or or 20 years later right yeah
yeah I've occasionally someone will send
me a clip online it just is so strange
to watch it's so strange when you're
watching yourself from 20 plus years ago
say something you don't remember saying
yeah and your watch like how do you
remember that episode at all yeah yeah I
don't remember most I don't I never
watched I think I only watched about six
episodes Wow Newsradio yeah
and I loved the show but but you knew I
didn't want to watch it happened yeah I
watch all I'd be doing is nitpicking the
editing right right right
yeah it's it's a strange thing to look
back when you go back you know 20-plus
years and think of all the all the
scenes all the writing all the work and
now it's just sort of now well that's
the other thing that we never
anticipated that it would be floating
around the internet yeah you know yeah
YouTube clips news rate is floating way
out in the periphery of the Internet
yeah just like drawn in sometimes but
shows like like like friends like if I
can you know you have young kids mm-hmm
like my daughter's 15 she's watched
every episode of friends at least twice
Wow that's 10 years of shows and it's
not just er it's every 15 you're my kid
too in the country yeah has one and it's
like that that you know is coming back
into significant to these kids man well
what's fascinating is I don't think
those shows are being made anymore
no not like no I mean there's the Chuck
Lorre type shows that I watch and I go
I'm missing the G my eyes everyone
laughing Sarah do you ever seen those
without the laugh track
I can imagine days be life taking some
of those shows in the Big Bang Theory
they've removed the laugh track and you
watch it with just the actor saying the
words and it's like is anything funny
ever happened well it's just it's
strange it's like you're watching Minh
take any sense
yes it's illogical yeah and that that
that that place people get in their
heads where they just go it'll be fine
yeah yeah like I mean Newsradio if we
did a scene and it didn't get a laugh we
rewrote the whole scene yeah literally
like in with the audience there well I
think the term good enough is perfect
for comedy yeah that's good enough
people are kind of chuckling well it's
the thing you once you get a certain
number of characters that you can get to
interact with each other and predictable
ways on those shows then they just sort
of have them have these little scenes
and have different inflections and
different stumbles and and they make a
show out of it and for the other thing
he just becomes comfort yes their
familiarity I maintain that's what drove
Charlie Sheen crazy
mmm was doing that goddamn show for a
long time for a long time I think that's
what drove him to the edge I thought I
think he was always crazy yeah but I
think when you do a show that you don't
enjoy doing or that you don't look the
guy was in fucking platoon yeah right
yeah I mean he was in some an amazing
ferry he wasn't very funny in that no
yeah they should've taken that as a
warned yeah they should take that comedy
label off that that should stop ending
up in all those companies Wall Street I
mean he was in some giant good way he
movies and then he's on this show that
doesn't really make sense
yeah and he's really talented yeah like
he's a really really talented actor yeah
you know and really funny as a narrator
a great at missing timing what was the
like the zuker Brothers franchise
hotshots yes those they don't make those
kind of movies anymore like nobody
playing jokes an hour I don't know well
can't do jokes effort is frowned upon
right I think you have to know be lazy
well comedy movies are you know there's
still comedy movies right
there's like the judd apatow type films
and you know there's still they still
make comedy movies yeah but there's it
seems like there's not as many anymore
yeah
or maybe I just don't go out as much
there's a little bit of that too yeah
but it's also like the subject matter so
dangerous now like everything that used
to be funny we I watched Ace Ventura pet
detective with my kids and I did not
remember how transphobic that movie is
like the whole movie is one gigantic
trans at the end of it I'm like whoa I
forgot this is crazy like the men when
they find out she's a girl they're
throwing up and or whether that she's a
boy rather there's teeth finished yeah
be done and they stole that whole joke
from The Crying Game
Oh which is one of the funniest movies
I've ever seen which one came first I
don't know any magic if the trying
Crying Game did a serious version of Ace
Ventura I have an idea crying hole a
stalking scene would be totally
different mm yeah I thought I remember
watching The Crying Game going and like
heard there's this big twist big
surprise to it oh that's a guy
oh I bet what happens is that the the
transvestite turns out to be an IRA spy
[Laughter]
you know I forgot that movie yeah yeah
so what how long you guys been doing
this podcast this house just before
Christmas yes I guess not not that long
yeah yeah probably know each other we've
known each other a lot three years what
motivated it our wives
they say get the fuck out of here do
something new somewhere else and and
they're actually in on the podcast with
us like Chrissy my wife produces it and
you know puts it all together super hard
to fire it is well we're the ones we'll
get fired
oh yeah well she fired me once so
ten years right everything yeah I'm
Chrissy and I we separated for ten years
well you well uh it will actually last
time I saw you was well during that
separation yeah
but so you got back together we got back
together that's nice yeah Chrissy's
great
I remember running into her at a Satan
thing that the Satanic Hogan thing right
yeah Duncan Trussell my good friend was
performing at is it Stanton lavas
grandson or something and Tomlinson yeah
grandson and they were getting married
at this fucking crazy theater and your
wife was dressed as like a devil or some
shit Yasim said oh god she was like
dancing there and I'm like oh hi how are
you what are you doing here normal
person why are you here yeah but uh
there's a picture of me with Anton LaVey
that knuckleheads to this day uses
evidence that I am a station Satan
worship Robin yeah that's you're merely
an associate yeah
or are you were a Satanist so she I'm
Satan to Jason yeah I think that's what
they say no yeah you know and that's
that's that's me and they I think that's
Hank Williams the third shirt that I'm
wearing there that's the thing people
the fact that people still worry about
Satan is just I mean you wanted to say
calm down he's not a problem cuz he
doesn't exist just like your God oh hey
but are you they people listening right
now they just took their earphones off
and threw them across the room yeah well
I could hear cunt for 30 times you want
just yeah you know whether or not God
exists is a fascinating point of
discussion but what's interesting is is
this agreement that people say when they
decide that God exists and you decide
that God exists and I decide to God
exists so we both have agreed that
there's this weird thing that makes no
sense that we're on board with so I know
where you stand on a lot of issues you
know I probably know where you stand on
abortion I probably know where you stand
on guns I probably know where you stand
on climb
change like it's so weird little thing
that you do when you say that you know
when you say well you know I'm a
god-fearing Christian oh yeah okay now I
can predict you better it's like you're
all wearing the same decoder ring yes
yes yeah well that is what a lot of it
is a lot of it is people with whether or
not you believe in God or not it's the
saying that God's real and the
worshipping God and the talking about
God is just letting everybody know that
they can predict you yeah they know
where you can't like if you're a
gentleman if you're a gentleman you
wearing a tie with a nice suit on and
pair of pants I can fairly likely
predict that you're going to be
reasonably behaved yeah you're a
gentleman
yeah I know if you're a Christian if
you're a person who calls themselves a
Christian and you know well we go to the
bio go to church every Sunday and I'd
like to read the Bible and I am a
Christian yeah and people automatically
go okay I kind of know where you came
from I couldn't I can see where you are
and now I like that you can predict me
because you'll like me better so we
don't have to talk yes no reinforce
those those patterns in your head
yeah I'll say some things that I've
repeated things that I've heard other
people say about God and Jesus and
mm-hmm
yeah and it's a nice way to kill time
it's not a bad way you know believing in
God and going to church it's a great you
kill time and you know until death
nullifies all meaning well I think the
community thing of it is a good thing
yeah there's there's some there's some
really powerful like bonding experiences
that people have when they've agreed to
be humble together yeah you're
describing curling juice you can see
words in Canada yeah a very popular
hunting curling yeah that's right and
there's no way he's curling is one of
the top TV you cannot rise to the tops
of curling without humbling yourself
once you humble yourself the minute you
say I'm not go curl it right when you
pick up that brush a big smile on your
face yeah decide to sweep I yeah I'm
tried curling man it's not easy no it's
hard which still doesn't make it a sport
I've made fun of in Newfoundland and
they fucking got so mad at me oh yeah
don't make fun of curling you read a
theater where I was at like had these
pictures of curlers on the wall I just
could not
shitting on them yet hey hey
legitimately upset on Mike is a
preposterous endeavor yeah you know it
and I know it you're sliding a rock on
the ice
yeah used to be a reason to drink that's
what curling was where everybody still
is wasted and you don't fall very far on
the ice because we're already squatting
Yeah right yeah and the other people are
leaning against brooms that's right you
got a broom to lean against that's great
you're getting it's also like when you
fall in ice it's almost always funny
always yeah never yeah no one's know
everybody catches himself no you know
like gently fall really trying to get up
is good to know this you don't fall
elegantly on that right now go hiking
and slip a little and catch yourself yet
but even like when you're watching the
NHL and you'll see players that will
just fall down yeah just for no reason
it's hilarious
these are the best Gators in the world
and there's ass he's a professional
athlete yeah yeah if I ran bullshit with
at Volkswagen I couldn't knock him over
Yeah right but he just fell how long has
curling been around hundred oh it's a
Scottish or it's a Scottish sport where
they used to use actual rocks they'd
find in fields ya know and play it on
frozen lakes because that's the only
kind they have in Scotland yeah hmm our
frozen ones and Montana round there's a
lot of he's a wonderful curler David are
you Scottish I believe I'm from yeah yes
I got the wife is also part Scottish I
mean there's a lot of Scottish people in
Canada so you can see what curling would
be popular you know yeah very very
Scottish country Canada it's strange
that's why there's so many gourds and
and Craig's or I take that Watson Gordon
yeah that's right there's Scottish word
alright yeah
Gordon Gordon yeah and of course because
of Gordie Howe every would name their
kids Gord I went to suppose a guy named
Greg likes teas I mean that was his
first name Greg or Greg go I know a guy
named Gregor Gregor Gillespie fights in
the UFC okay there's an animal
I haven't kind of Gregor problems yeah
it's a savage I just give one
interesting UFC memory for me please I
watched the very first UFC one with I
had a troop at the time and we invited
Scout troop it wasn't it was a comedy
troupe that always
we dress the Boy Scouts but we invited
Neil Patrick Harris over it was 20 years
old at the time we was in town we just
met him and he came over and soon as the
sumo wrestler got his face kicked in and
there's spit a tooth out I believe he
was like I'm out of here
I gotta get out and we made him stay and
watch though and that's what made him
gay thank you ruining the story I don't
know if that's true I don't know if
nothing happened yeah maybe someone
dropped him on his head yeah I don't
think he knows he looked like he was
already as a kid something them wrong or
right mm-hm depending on if you're his
boyfriend yeah
imagine depends if he's a good boyfriend
yeah yeah well yes but I mean if the
braz many i was doing the husband yeah
the guys really into him thank God you
watch that fight that time yeah thank
God in other words can I never found a
chick yep looking at me and shit oh God
hmm yeah so do you have to get remarried
or did you just bleed on me never well
we never got we Chrissy and I never got
around to getting divorced caught at
paperwork beautiful yeah so we were yeah
we're yeah we separated we actually
filed for divorce once but screwed up
the paperwork for somehow mmm yeah and
then yes and then and then we just never
got around to it again just didn't fix
it and now Ellen yeah I'm not you know
I'm not I'm not good with organizing so
we just so we were just separated for
you know it's funny cuz he's very
organized she is yeah it seems like
maybe maybe Jackie JB she's the one who
wasn't willing to let go you know she
was telling you something yeah she's
there like something Dave early yeah and
that's what that's what yeah that's what
like always I go on vacation with them
when they were DeBoer like divorced they
would go was it together and we did all
our families reps didn't they did all
family tour the whole day we weren't
together well the first two years we
weren't that we didn't do much no those
are no yeah the dark years yeah the dark
is yes
but then yeah that was yeah that's why
we have kept taking all of our family
trips together we go to Hawaii it's like
they were still me all of us yeah and so
when we finally did get back together it
was really
just so mostly about the convenience of
our friends it was just like you know
this is gonna make everyone else's life
easier
really yeah cuz they don't you know what
we didn't have to go to two houses yeah
yeah which I hate it it's so Canadian of
you yeah so polite that's what you're
Canadian does yeah he's doesn't get
divorced because the for how long have
you been married now ten years and you
in you that's the only time you've ever
been married
thank the baby Jesus oh my god yes yeah
done that it's working yeah it's it's
great yeah yeah if it works it's great
yeah I always tell people don't do it
it's too risky
yeah you could 50% of people don't make
it yeah it's it's a it's not a good good
rate no success would you drive a car if
you knew that 50% likely you would die
in a crash right yeah I mean it was an
institution made sense when your own
gonna live to be 40 well it makes sense
there's some parts of it that make sense
the problem is that it's become a
business and it's become a business for
people to try to squeeze his like I'll
never forget trying to talk Phil and
getting divorced yeah I go just give her
half and he goes it's not half it's 2/3
it's a scam the fucking lawyers get a
third yeah give away 2/3 I mean he was
fucking freaking out about it
yeah and it's true and he could have
lived nicely authored he should have
given her that yeah I don't think that I
mean the word was that that's why she
killed him that he was leaving that that
was he was finally leaving yeah and then
that's when she killed him but when we
were together with him there was always
days where he would come to the set and
just be just in hell oh yeah well what
yeah and he wouldn't well it'd be this
he'd just be on the floor of the studio
and like ranting yeah about about you
know I'm living in my boat and yeah he
lives in his boat yeah it was rough
about me yeah and then he would come
back like a day later and it'd be I'm
back together with my blushing bride
that's exact quote yeah and this exact
quote and we'd all just be gone
you know it was poor bastard and alone
uh no it the we're theme news right
there was not one good marriage on the
show you know like everyone was going
through a terrible marriage at the time
like I was proud that I was one person
who wasn't I depressants therapy but I
probably needed it I think we all did
yeah but yeah I mean I'm everybody
started with like he was the second
season we came back and Steve root had
gotten divorced you know and he was the
first one hit that I mean I think
everyone for you to be me or Phil yeah I
would get divorced first Eva and then
Maura
right but Steve yeah we didn't know how
bad it was for Steve I guess it's hard
up there it's hard it's hard to make it
mmm
hard hard for people stay together be
nice to each other yeah yeah isn't yeah
it takes does they say it takes work but
it actually takes work yeah it does take
work one way to show you were an adult
too yes good move yeah yeah most people
get married before they're adults yeah I
think you should wait until you know who
the fuck you are and still I'm still
guessing yeah even to this day I'm
guessing Who I am literally my dad
almost on his deathbed told me don't do
it you can't get married until you're 30
yeah that's a good move and he I didn't
oh yeah got married at 30 but he was
like don't do it you don't do it before
30 cuz you don't know who you are you
don't know what you're what's going on
well I've seen too many predatory
marriages I've seen women marry men that
don't really like because they know the
man has money and I've seen I've seen
the opposite it's just such a weird
thing when you enter into contractual
agreement about romance like it's it's
it's not just I I love you you love me
let's let's have a celebration of our
love and let's invite our friends over
and tell everybody we've we've decided
to engage each other in this very
special commitment but then you start
bringing in lawyers yeah right and then
it gets weird and then you know you have
weird state by state laws where there's
common-law marriages if you live with
someone for 10 years and yeah
might have been where humanity went
wrong was when the first guys said I'm
gonna be a lawyer like that was his
decision I'm looking around and I think
yeah there's a lot of ugliness in the
world yeah what was the reason they had
to work on it was the first lawyer what
most there's a series of laws right the
first lawyers had to have been priests
right
I would guess oh yeah yeah I mean the
laws Affairs initially we're basically
lawyers right now what is the Pharisee
like the Jewish the Jewish priests okay
makes sense that does make a lot of
sense ya know a lot of my relatives yeah
yeah like when did it become a thing
where it was you would go to law school
and it was a respectable occupation
mm-hmm and it would be good to know a
good lawyer yeah I think those things
started out as not respectable and
people did them because they didn't have
any other you know like choice yeah and
again they realized though they're
making all the money you know and then
it became respectable yeah well once
they figured out there's all these
legalese and loopholes in the system
there's ways to extract money yeah he's
gonna be weasely about it and like that
and then they invent a whole language to
exclude anyone else from understanding
it yeah do you think they'd build hourly
back then still yeah but then again time
hadn't been codified so so what did they
build by an hour it was basically
decided by community standards you know
when was Tom confide when the railroads
came in that's when time zones were
created time zones were created by the
railroads everybody every town every
town set its own time like well like you
could have you could drive you know you
could drive from you know like from
Denver to Fort Collins and the two
cities would be in completely different
times Wow and how you sync up your watch
with the town clock yeah you have that
yeah clock in the main square and that
would be the time that's the time but
when they started having to schedule
railroads they realized well huh all
these towns and then they started having
huge competitions to invent ways of
synchronizing clocks between cities so
that did they use a sundial to get the
initial reading I think it really was
just as simple as
we'll call this midnight or we'll call
this noon you know and then he just went
from there and none of the clocks were
that accurate so time would shift over
time so it became that was like in like
the 19th century was a huge move to try
and find a way to synchronize clocks and
that drove kind of drove a lot of the
beginnings of technology do you remember
when you were a kid you would call phone
number to get the time always yes for
sure the exact time the weather as well
yeah but the time the time is exactly
yeah 59 in 35 seconds well and in Canada
at one o'clock every day they had the
National time tone right yeah at the
Secession of the long beep will be
exactly one play radio on TV why 1:00
p.m. I don't know why yeah but that's
when they would do it at 1:00 p.m. every
day the CBC would would broadcast a tone
mmm and that was the time for the whole
country wow I never would have guessed
that time zones are created by the
railroads yeah but it totally makes
sense schedule without yeah cuz before
that nobody went anywhere you know
Arizona still doesn't do daylight
savings time they're like fuck you yeah
that's stupid they're allowed to do that
yep yep yep Wow
if you drive from like if you drive from
Nevada to Arizona you're you're you miss
an hour yeah they're at the only state
isn't there another state that doesn't
wonder oh there's no one I'm aware of
they're an island they stole Hawaii yeah
that's right then that island is theirs
yeah that's a that's a fucking country
that we occupy with hotels you feelin
out there yes its own viewing the rest
of it was given to us by God yeah that's
true it's manifest destiny correct yes
the rest of it but not Hawaii no cuz
that came less late there's no single
cut like there's no state where the
people are so clearly like their
ethnicity is so clearly defined the
Polynesian lookin yeah North Dakota or
fucking Florida some shit it's it's like
they're not from the European no no
heritage no there's you know there's an
interesting debate going on about what
is Nate California moves towards
permanent daylight savings time we every
day we get to get up an hour early yes
earlier earlier majority of Arizona's on
permanent Standard Time and the
year-round daylight savings times
followed by Hawaii and the territories
of the American Samoa Oh glom and minor
outlying islands whoof well I say
California let's be really bold and go
for permanent daylight yeah just give up
on night well and then just everybody
wants to kill themselves when it's
nighttime there there's an interesting
debate going on in Hawaii right now as
to what is an invasive species because
so much of the wildlife in in Hawaii was
brought over yes and so there's there's
some debate on certain islands where
they want to eliminate the wild pigs
because they say they're an invasive
species and then the people are saying
but we'll hold on because we kind of
came after a lot of these wild pigs yeah
like a lot of the wild pigs were dropped
off by pirates like pirates and and
people that were in a boding like that
we're traveling by boat across the world
they would drop off goats and pigs on
various islands so they would have
something to hunt when they would come
back for food because they knew that
this would be a stop along their route
mm-hmm
which is clever it is clever it ruined a
lot of islands especially the goats
yes destroyed a lot of islands I just
and now there's in Hawai there's a lot
of mongoose oh really
yeah they brought a mongoose in at some
point I forget what it was it was to
control the rabbit population that was
brought other rats things to control
that that came in from again from
shipping and then the Mongoose Pro
started another was just all over the
place yeah Mongoose Laska Holiday and I
made a joke about you know I'm looking
for beavers cuz I didn't think there
were beavers in Alaska cuz it's too cold
they said no last 10 years we've got
tons of beavers here because of global
warming
Realtors everywhere yeah they're moving
well yeah
beavers are migrating north yep Alaska's
a fascinating place that you can go to
the summer
you go there in the summer you have
never seen more aggressive mosquitoes
it's like they know they only have two
months to live yeah so you get out of
your car they swarm you like a cloud
it's crazy I've never seen anything like
it in my life
you would think tropical weather that's
where the mosquitoes ya know Alaska yeah
they're fuckin ferocious and they're
huge yeah yeah I'm actually gonna go
there now November I think oh yeah no
what are you doing doing the touring
with the who's live anyway like an
improv tour so who's live anyway like a
take off whose line is it anyway yes yes
like Greg Proops and Jeff tomorrow and
yes so Greg and Jeff and Joel Murray
okay cool and me I guess
Joel marries Bill Murray's brother yeah
yeah yeah so I was like a rotating so
those three guys to the core and then
there's a Ryan Stiles myself Drew Carey
and and chip esten
sort of rotate through oh no it likes it
the tour drew Carey might be the nicest
person that's ever lived I don't know
him well he might be the nicest guy ever
yes did he
yeah member it was the Drew Carey Show
that finally got news radio cancelled
November we did a whole year after I
think that was what it was I don't think
they wanted to do it anymore after that
yeah I think a ratings tanked when we
when they put us up against true care
our ratings are always shit that's the
most amazing thing is that the ratings
were really great once we got cancelled
and then it was on TV like like they
would show the reruns and people go this
is a funny show yeah they found it it's
true I remember Lou Morton one of our
writers showing up at the he'd show up
at the Reed with a different number on
his shirt every week when we were in the
real shit er when we're falling apart oh
yeah number 98 out of 100
Nate was one day no bullshit wherever I
go is that real he's like yeah I'd like
to have this shirt and made yeah yeah no
you draw it basically basically a
sweatshirt with the marker on it that's
hilarious
he would just show up with this fucking
number on a shirt and I was like hey
he's like a source of pride when you can
you know still be hanging on the one
year that I thought we weren't gonna get
canceled was the year we got canceled I
was like well we're doing pretty good
yeah well I shower ratings were
yeah the five years show right yes but
but much like the whole like we never
really hit a hundred episodes we got to
like 97 1997 because NBC didn't own it
so they did that with a bunch of shows
they didn't own they do that on purpose
that year in about four or five shows
they canceled it 97 episodes really yeah
because they cuz there's it's a hundred
it goes into syndication is that right
it used to be the rule yeah yeah but now
syndication and it doesn't really exist
anymore
well the weirdest one was the Charlie
Sheen model that they did with that
anger management show where they devised
a whole new system 90/10 yeah if the
first couple episodes do well fuck it we
order a hundred yes and they produce
them all in the year yes they just so
mash them together they just they wrote
it within five minutes and started
filming like filming and writing on the
fly everything was dog shit Charlie
makes a and they shot like four episodes
a week the day Charlie in crass and see
this yeah yeah thousands of dollars with
a crack into his account
yeah they had one of those old-timey ice
guys that used to deliver ice deliver
the crack door yeah because here's the
thing they have them solved you can't
get crack out of an ATM machine yet no
not anymore you can get pot out of one
now yeah yeah pot out of a dispensary
mchale good yeah why don't know where
well see you find out where they are but
there's there's they do have marijuana
dispensary machines yeah yeah you must
have to like show some sort of a ID
provide a yeah yeah proof of age but I
guess if you just have your if you have
a sponsor yeah a passport or driver's
license like if you could read Passport
they have a machine that reads a
passport at the airport that you know
when you go through if you have like
Global Entry they got that face
recognition fantail I know that clear
yeah I got that
fingerprint one that's nice too yeah
Global Entry is the best oak you don't
have to fuck with that giant lawn
yeah just got that I got this stupid tea
God Global Entry is great because it
comes with TSA pre yeah I got the TSA
angrier that makes me mad yeah the the
ultimate combo is TSA pre and clear yeah
because you they just do the
fingerprints boom and then they push it
right into the line sounds like venereal
disease and nice people walk you they
walk
always been clear yeah clear not to pit
TSA pre but clear the nice people walk
you all the way over to the pony or
block yeah yeah you can't the person you
have the option of actually pissing on
the peoples of your passing their feet
because they don't have any shoes oh my
god I have to get this yeah
sounds fantastic yeah go out of the cup
then you have to travel some don't know
not much I mean to Canada but that
doesn't really matter at some entry yeah
yeah it's still in this country yeah
well you could always go through to the
woods to get to Canada it's true people
would talk border the border is 100
100-yard clear-cut is most of the border
with Canada's just a hundred-yard
clear-cut in the forest so it's it's
actually cut yeah it's cutting trees
down it's like a hundred yards wide
mm-hmm and that's the border all across
it's not redundant though not only is it
it's it's actually easier to cross the
border than the surrounding area yeah
because the surrounding areas of forest
ya know do they they actually maintain
that cut yeah really
so every year someone's job is to cut
down the trees for a hundred yards space
between the United States and Canada
yeah why most of the Canadian border
just to let you know if you're a
criminal and you cross here additional
charges will apply yeah now you've fled
the country well have you ever seen them
you've seen the footage of refugees
coming into Canada and the Mounties
meeting them and they're like the
Mounties are just there going now you
understand that when you cross over here
we will be arresting you
there's Luther that's the line wow
that's crazy the 49th parallel says yeah
wow that's fucking crazy I bet that's a
you need two passports to watch out
there there America there's where your
terror should last the opposite of a
wall
yeah that's an actual coming past
actually yeah that shows how much we
like Canada yeah or how little you think
about it easier to cross yeah well make
it really easy it's easier that 100-yard
stretch is like ah don't trip eh yeah
relax yourself you're about to hit
paradise and most most of the visa
overstays are Canadian which is the the
bulk of a local generation America is
Canadians overstaying their visas
yeah it's a giant part of it right I
mean we all overstay our welcome
British folks - definitely yeah you know
but no one cares but the thing is don't
think about Canada there's a lot of
people in this country from a lot of
other countries that just keep their
fucking mouth shut
yeah no one knows like one that whenever
they say that they know like they take
an estimate on how many illegal aliens
might that's art yes oh yes guest yeah
well its got like was just thinking you
actually had was uh Brian Cox on yes and
he said we they talk about the the the
size of the universe yes most of it's
just to guess based on the the
observable universe based on the number
of galaxies they can see they're just
guessing how many galaxies there are I
think that's the same for the legal
immigration you're just going to be more
likely to be accurate with illegal
immigration than you are with stars
mm-hmm yeah I think the star thing the
problem is now I'll butcher this but I
think it's that literally we don't have
the capability to look past thirteen
point whatever billion years yes can't
really look yeah so if they look and
they go no there's just like a big space
and then yeah you go 18 more billion
years back there's a thriving community
of galaxies galaxies in time but then
the just the sheer vastness of the sky
they've only actually like like looked
at a fraction of it right
well talking to a guy like him is so
amazing because you you realize like
okay well there's different kinds of
humans yeah there's there's humans that
are actually studying these insanely
complicated equations that are trying to
prove that the very nature of reality
itself yeah and then there's chimps like
me who are just listening going oh yeah
okay so real real big how do we know it
started there was a bang
okay what started the bang mr.
smartypants but Brian Cox he's
innovative in that he is an
astrophysicist and he looks like a young
David Cassidy and he's a musician does
he's dreamy yeah he's a great guy I had
a crush on two comics yeah super
sweetheart of a guy
like not just never met a buddy I loved
watching him on TV I did his podcast
once the live version of it which is
interesting it's great and it apparently
has a new show that's coming here that
I'll go with his work show come with ya
left it's um he has a gigantic screen
behind him filled with interlocking LED
screens that apparently it's like this
unbelievably gorgeous high-definition
version of the cosmos Wow
so and it's created by the same people
who did that movie with which one
interstellar interstellar no no it's
created by and it's like that accurate
like the the CGI is actually accurate
according to you know like his type of
equations yeah
he worked at CERN you know he's like
he's amazing he's amazing yeah and he's
legit beautiful man yeah oh yeah no he
was a legit rockstar yeah I mean genius
rockstar yeah good luck guys fuck your
wife you got a real problem I think it
was in squiddy politi yeah I think
someone should drink that why are
astrophysicists getting cuter I mean no
yeah I mean you start with Stephen
Hawking then you get - what's his name
Green right no no no Neil deGrasse Tyson
sure yeah good laughs yeah used you
didn't have to be pretty in the old days
no position of science communicator is
so effective was so important because
most that stuff is so dry and so
difficult to wrap your head around I
don't need someone yeah someone across a
evening yes someone engaging they can
deliver this like with with Brian he's
so nice mm-hmm like that as he's like so
smiley and he enjoys it so much he loves
talking about it so much that it becomes
infectious because there's a lot of that
stuff that's very difficult to follow
when you try to read the papers yeah
yeah I've read the Stephen Hawking books
and I would zone out yeah so much while
I was trying to comprehend what was
going on I had Lawrence Krauss on and I
was trying to get him to explain
some certain formulas and just even when
he's explaining them to you it doesn't
yeah to click like you really have to
it's one of those things you it's like
someone trying to explain French words
to you by only speaking to you in French
yeah don't speak French you're like yeah
well you're fucked
yeah like that's the as soon as you say
infinity you guys we go thank that's
only a mathematical idea yeah I mean how
can anything be infinite I mean I know
well there doesn't make any math you can
say it like that you can say that a
straight line goes on forever and two
parallel lines will never intersect pi
is there theoretically wouldn't it you
know it never ends well why is that
difficult to grasp though that's the
real question like why is why do we need
everything to be defined by a very
obvious beginning and an end
mm-hmm because it's everything we
experience has a beginning and it's
biologically because we experience time
yeah time doesn't is not experience them
yeah the same way well time is
experienced at all if you're not
sentient true Zona your whack it off
it's different yeah but yeah it's the I
always wondered if like there was a
reason why we wanted things to have a
beginning and an end like is it because
we have our life and our life has a
beginning and then all the lives of the
people we know yeah we definitely do we
blur obsessed with it we want 7
beginning ernet or are we terrified of
beginnings and ends threat to did you
know a lot of it is terrify we create
you know gods and religions is because
the idea that that life ends and then
it's all been for nothing
just terrifying to people there's a
little bit of that yeah there's a little
bit of like doing it to create order in
the community and there's a little bit
of people find mushrooms and they need
an explanation fuck their feelings
rains are constructed in such a way that
we need an end yeah yeah or else.you
yeah don't understand where am I now I
have there's no end my very uninformed
theory which is that first off that
everything is meaningless but that only
the brain-damaged are capable of can
conceiving of meaninglessness because
our brains are meaning machines mm-hmm
and that we evolved and he gave us an
evolutionary advantage that we give
meaning to things like I said this is a
table because we say it's a table right
it's not a table to a cat that's why a
cat will just get up and walk around on
it look it's a song yeah that's because
it's from a mutual agreement yeah we
agree this is a table right and that
kind of meaning let us organize our
lives let us be better hunters you know
what you know it constantly occurs to me
and bothers me is that we decide not to
drive into each other because we've
painted a little line on a road in the
middle yeah we've all agreed not to
cross that line as I say we ascribe
meaning to objects and that gave us an
advantage over other animals and so our
brains just evolved and then when we got
to the point we realized we're gonna die
oh we go well there's got to be some
meaning there too so then we had to
create myths that where do we get
created meaning about our lives that's a
very dangerous loop of there's no
meaning to everything and nothing has no
mean nothing has meaning that that's a
dangerous loop for a person
psychologically because you can get
stuck in that and you can really but I
don't think you can because it's
impossible to conceive of unless you are
seriously brain damaged well no I don't
think it's impossible to conceive it's
it's you won't you can imagine can
intellectually think about it but you
can't you can't grasp it isn't living in
the now kind of the same as life has no
meaning no you're not thinking about the
future you know you know you're not
thinking about the fact that has no
meaning usually now with very joy the
meaning you're enjoying life you're
enjoying experience you're enjoying each
interaction with people enjoying your
thoughts I think that the the problem
that people have is like what's the
point that's the problem that what's
that what's the point right and that's a
weird loop and that's the things it
doesn't really matter cuz you're gonna
create a point anyway mmm like I mean
it's like there was an existential
psychology they had there's like five
different ways people ascribe meaning
made a physical meaning reproductive
meaning biological meaning or creative
meaning legal the works you do right
that somehow you live on in all these
different ways mmm you're like a lot of
atheists are tend to be artists who
believe that they live on through their
work and which is totally as stupid as
believing in God
it is it's definitely silly I mean
obviously someone's going to enjoy your
work but I think the real meaning is in
creating the work and then the fact that
people are gonna enjoy it if you're
doing it because you want it to live on
forever you're a moron yeah good luck
with that because there's no there's no
forever of the whole planet but I just
think meaning is an inescapable product
of the human mind you know the example
in example is like like they did a study
where they went all like into the
jungles of the Amazon to people who have
never had any contact with the modern
world and they drew a circle with two
dots and a curved line and everyone sees
a face
hmm everyone sees a face the only people
who don't see a face are people who have
been brain damaged and can no longer
form the meaning of those lines Oh
interesting
so you there are people who suffer brain
doesn't that correspond to their own
artwork because like that their artwork
is very similar to our artwork and the
fact that stick figures and they
represent humans yes circle yeah all
that stuff but they probably haven't had
the happy face t-shirt I had lunch with
Erich von dniken last week oh my god
yes very interesting very weird yeah
he's the guy who wrote Chariots of the
Gods oh god yeah yeah in his 80s Napal
book at our house and he was showing us
slides what's the real story they're
mostly nonsense unfortunately yeah yeah
mostly mostly what it is is evidence of
lost civilizations ancient civilizations
that were incredibly advanced I follow
the work of Graham Hancock and Randall
Carlson and a few other people that are
being proven actually correct more and
more almost on a daily basis by new
discoveries that show that that
civilization predates what we initially
thought yeah yeah the initial thought
was that somewhere around the great
pyramids which is like 2500 BC that was
about as good as anybody gotten you go
back to like ancient Sumer which is
about 6,000 years ago and that's
basically it
what they're saying is that no there was
most likely a reset a global reset of
civilization due to a cataclysmic
disaster and there's a shit ton of
evidence there's massive evidence in the
form of this nuclear class
that exists when there's asteroid
impacts and also there's a guy named dr.
Robert Schoch is on the first guys to
propose this it's actually when he
freaked me on the podcast he said there
was a mass coronal ejection that most
likely caused lightning storms like a
rainstorm but lightning like that much
like narrowing the ground and that the
only people that survived were people
that could get under cover that could
get into attorneys yeah and the mass
extinction of yeah 60 Plus percent of
the large mammals in a very short window
of time almost instantaneously in North
America the the the end of the Ice Age
like ten thousand plus years ago there
was a mile-high ice in most of North
America right most of North America
covered in ice and then gone and all
these all these areas all these points
of interest point to this one one moment
in time that's somewhere between ten and
twelve thousand years ago that some big
event happened and that most likely just
crippled civilization and then people
had to rebuild whatever people were
around that because also that they found
like just looking at DNA that all of
humanity at one point got wiped out
except for like one village hmm that
there was only that everyone is of
everyone has descended from the same
group of about 5000 people well there
was a super volcano that erupted
somewhere around 70 thousand years ago
they think this is predating this
cataclysmic disaster 12,000 years ago
that they are pretty sure wiped human
beings down to a few thousand folks no
yeah always that word like I want to say
it's where's that that supervolcano
there's a supervolcano that knocked
everybody down we'll find it yeah
Yellowstone's gonna get us all every six
to eight hundred thousand years it blows
think we're due right that's why I don't
go camping
well that might not be the worst place
to go don't go camping be over it that
way yeah that way when it ends it ends
quick you don't want to be living in New
York not just choking that cloud it does
yeah that's the worst watching people
eat homeless folks in the street yeah
know that now a place yeah well there's
also like things that fly through space
and zip by you know and they're just
missing finding these things
yeah that's thing well its things the
erich von daniken thing I remember as a
kid going my promise that they kept
showing all these massive paintings that
can only be seen from the sky so
therefore there must have been drawn for
your aliens that I couldn't know if you
believe God is looking down on you
you're gonna draw big paintings for God
to look at right so you don't need that
but now right but now I'm more the thing
I've become obsessed with lately is
there's a skepticism about UFOs yeah
that's why I wanted to talk to you about
this because you told me that you've
become obsessed with UFOs yeah oh yeah
completely and it's a Leever yeah
totally really
yeah totally believe the UFO phenomenon
is real I don't know what it is but it's
totally it has to be real something's
happened why is that because there's
just way too much evidence that it is
real
what evidence well radar evidence that
the the f-16 locked on a UFO that
footage and also just uh like I know the
friend of ours I don't know if she want
us to say but her father was an air
traffic controller mm-hmm and he told
her they said yeah every air traffic
controller has seen something you know
and I had another friend whose father
was in a commercial pilot and she said
yeah my dad said every single pilot has
seen something and they've all been told
not to say anything about it we have a
couple of friends that say they were
abducted yeah yeah the abducted one is a
little easier to wrap your head around
because when you're sleeping your brain
is producing all sorts of endogenous
psychedelic chemicals yeah almost all of
these experiences happen when you're
sleeping almost all these experience
when these people are abducted they're
taken from their beds which is when
they're dreaming yeah I mean it's just
like there's some real clear easy steps
to follow for no fault Occam's razor and
not you not get crazy but it knocks
those out but it doesn't knock out like
Barney and Betty hill and all the people
that are affected will fully conscious
and that and that remember it without
hypnotherapy
like I'm not sure about the abduction
phenomenon but all right I don't know
Barney and Betty hill I know the story
you know I don't know them yeah so I
would have to know them because yeah
there's a lot of people that I've told
like I did a show for sci-fi called Joe
Rogan questions everything yeah I watch
that show that cured me that show cured
me of a lot of my nonsense with with
conspiracies well we used to talk about
yes yeah that's tough all the time yeah
yeah but I I needed to actually study it
so for six months that's basically all I
did I interviewed people and I like
Bigfoot believers UFO believers all and
the one thing that they have in common
is they all seem to be kind of lost and
dependent upon this thing being real
yeah great
instead of being objective there's only
one lady that I interviewed that saw
Bigfoot that really seemed to be telling
the truth but I think she saw a bear
yeah bears walk on two feet all the time
they do it all the time as video footage
you can find it all the time and she was
in the Pacific Northwest which is
incredibly dense woods you see something
you glimpse it look I was hunting once
in in in Canada and Alberta and I
thought I saw a wolf for like two
seconds it was a squirrel okay
understand this no no I just saw fur
right I saw her and I was cause it's
really because I was looking for fucking
wolves cuz I was like cuz I know we did
see one wolf it cross the roads either
wolf or coyote was hard to tell because
it was at dusk it was very dark out but
when you're looking for something you
think everything is that thing you're
looking yeah so like a thought that
fucking squirrel was a wolf
that's funny yeah well expectation and
perception are very linked yes
yeah well that they found that that 50%
of everything you see is a product of
memory yes that that when you observe
something they've done FMF MRIs and that
most of the activity in the brain is in
the memory centers not in the visual
centers interesting only about 50% of
the activities in the visual center so
you know crazy yeah thing is very I when
I was a kid I went and saw Carl Sagan
speak mm-hm
U of T at the University of Toronto and
I was like you know 14 but he did an
equation
on the board of the possibility of alien
life other than us in the universe and
it came to the smallest I mean he spent
the whole time writing on this
chalkboard
mm-hm it was fascinating hmm he actually
came up with a number at the end and it
was such a small he says there is there
is something out there but they are so
far away that yeah they'll that unless
they can go faster than the speed of
light which he said was impossible at
the time
yeah the 70s yeah there's no way we've
seen them that's what he said so if some
other beings have conquered the speed of
light thing then maybe we could see them
yeah but that's a thing with who's that
problem with this skepticism in general
is like that it you know like like the
skeptic skeptics of the 19th century the
ones who say germs don't exist right
because we can't see them and and people
who said germs did exist were ridiculed
and laughed out of the trade mm-hmm
right and I agree with you completely
just because you can't see it or it's
not happening doesn't mean it can't
happen and even since Sagan's day there
had been no exoplanets discovered then
right we now though there are literally
trillions and trillions of it sure
planned earth-like planets yeah well
they did they just speculated us to the
existence of them outside of our solar
system before the the real problem is
that if some there's a leap and a leap a
technological leap that opens the doors
to massive innovation yeah that once
this happens once this happens in this
and then all this stuff sort of
exponentially expands in terms of
technological possibilities all you
would need is a few hundred years and
you have an unrecognizable set of
technology yeah sure you know I mean we
were talking about CERN I mean you know
antimatter an idea that they're still
trying to figure out yeah that's an
unseen source of energy general you have
never even experienced yeah you know
with them with a grain of sand yeah
city and it's that big yeah and there's
also the theory there's recent one that
space-time itself doesn't exist so the
the speed of light barrier becomes moot
because that is I guess it's the
holographic quantum hologram their
quantum holographic theory of the
universe yeah Albert's book I can't
remember holographic universe but it's
yeah I think so and but the idea that
the universe is basically just a tree
that that when you look at it from a
certain angle seems three-dimensional
right and it folds on folds into itself
so you could and it's Ravel that's the
wormhole thing well that's it's not even
that is the idea that that that
space-time is an illusion is and that
that it doesn't really exist and that's
why you know like entanglement is
possible you know the idea that you know
spooky action at a distance yes that
yeah yeah but the reason that you know
you know these you know atoms on
opposite ends of the universe can be
affect each other instantaneously at the
same moment is because they're not
really at an opposite into the universe
they're really right next to each other
it just seems like they're at opposite
ends in the universe because our ability
to perceive is basically based on what
we have to do to stay alive on this
planet who's our meager little chimp
brains trying to trying to quantify all
of these things that are around us all
the time so we put them into this sort
of three-dimensional box of movement and
distance and that the entire am the
entire universe could be a compact thing
yeah that projects itself like a
hologram onto a screen I love these kind
of conversations because I'm clearly too
stupid to really understand what and I
don't understand you to say how stupid
well we don't understand each other
yes is part we're all the same yeah like
I think I'd be interesting to do a good
document or something about from about
you apology because one thing is the
assumption that their extraterrestrial
is an assumption mm-hmm
but I think it intrigues me is the power
of ridicule to silence yes even the most
intelligent people in our community from
examining something like the ridicule
kept doctors from accepting germs sure
because they didn't want to they didn't
want to be ridiculed by their peers
mm-hmm and even now you've got people
that will like Michael Shermer will
cling to the most absurd explanations
for a phenomenon like the f-16 radar
footage what did he what was Michael
Shermer I can't remember it but it was
it was pretty it really went to great
lengths that entailed having to
basically diminish any respect you had
for any of the people who reported on
the events hmm I had to go and had to go
into character assassination in order to
to eliminate it
yeah that's the best way to kill an idea
he's a professional skeptic and I like
Michael a lot and he's been on the
podcast many times yeah I actually had
him debate Randall Carlson and Graham
Hancock about these ancient
civilizations and it wasn't very good
for him there are some psyche moments as
skeptics are believers well the problem
is their instance they believe in the
problem is being a skeptic itself it's a
stupid way to look at the world it's a
jet you're actually not sure about
something I don't mean you should be
objective right don't be skeptical right
being skeptical no but I know for sure
that that's not true yeah but it serves
a massive purpose for people that really
don't understand things and he can
explain to you and with actual science
as long as the actual science is being
used and it's not Cara the assassination
it's not mockery it's not it's not
there's certain people that are just
deep bunkers they can call themselves
skeptics but they're not looking at
thing like oh maybe that is effective
maybe that is healthy yeah that is
interesting no they don't look at it
that way they're looking at it they're
trying to pick it apart and that's fine
if you can pick it apart but if you
cannot you have to be objective about
the fact that oh well this is a very
interesting phenomenon and this is what
we know about science is that and this
is what we know about this thing and now
right now we have we have a weird
conundrum did Chariots of the Gods yeah
did he Erich von dniken was he was he
believed 100% he's all is still in it
all in I asked him the first thing I
asked him I said what is that Maas yeah
desperately have to go go go yeah the
first thing I asked him was what is the
most
compelling piece of evidence there's the
you know and he pointed to this Mayan
stone plaque that's in Palenque
have you ever seen it it's a book yeah
it's a god one of their one of their
former Kings that is lying on his back
and he's looks like he's moving some
Jaime see if we could find that thing
it's just really cool carving that they
found that looks like there's a guy who
is in a seat and it looks like this fire
behind his back and you could say them
like you could say that he's
manipulating controls on a ship and he's
you know shooting a rocket into the
heaven I would like to see what this the
mainstream version of that is because
also it could just be art you know an
imagination
yeah it could be that they they knew
about certain things being propelled by
fire there it is
yeah that's it so if you see this I mean
that's a big a stretch to say that guys
in a spaceship I don't know what the
fuck that is he's sitting down like an
altar kind of he could yeah but it
doesn't look like he's looking through
an eyepiece right what's true but what
does that mean is it a telescope maybe
he's just got a telescope or maybe it's
just an astronomer yeah it is possible I
don't think they had telescopes no I
don't think a telescope was even
invented till no do they even have glass
at that point well I don't know if the
Mayans did Wow
but but that was this number one piece
of evidence was like that's kind of
silly I mean when we were kids in the
70s the you know Bigfoot you know and
cherry to the gods and everything was so
new you look at this image look at the
bottom of it even the part where the
flames supposed to be coming out from
below him yeah that's the where's the
flame I guess the flame is the shit the
very very bottom but I mean I'm not even
sure I buy that if you were gonna draw
fire you'd do a really shitty job if
that's your fire that doesn't really
look like fire to me no like could be
any more ornate seat right something
right if that's fire like what is all
the stuff around them what's all that
stuff is that that looked kind of
mechanical though right Lucy there's
bolts does today I'm a fire god maybe
they
the fire-god looks like a monkey kind of
a face with titties monkeys got some
titties oh now I get it
right yeah and then the monkeys is that
his teeth it's the first Hooters right
it does it could be armed but that's the
point is it so open to interpretation
there's so much that you could see if
you're looking to see but what I do see
is this guy who's he's reclining and
yeah went shilling and it looks like
he's looking through something
what's that thing hanging across him you
see that thing across his arms yeah fuck
that is but here's the thing I don't
think anybody knows what the fuck that
is but so for him to say that this was
the number one most compelling evidence
I mean we're people getting high at this
point oh yes I mean that could be just
some guy got high in LSD or something
yeah they were they were taking
different kinds of plants that have
lysergic acid in them there was a I had
a great tour in Chichen itz we went
through when we hired a guide who is a
professor who's fantastic it was really
good who's really loved Mayan
civilization super passionate about it
and then when he found out that I had
read a bunch of books on and he was
really excited about it so he took us to
these all these different areas but
there was a one area where they had this
like like hall where they would just get
fucked up he's like this is this is
where they would do their their
psychedelics no they would take
different forms of plants there's a
bunch of different plants like Morning
Glory seeds really yeah Morning Glory
seeds the same ones you find today
mm-hmm yeah they actually try to mute
them a lot of people don't know that
Morning Glory seeds actually contain
what is the active compound I think it's
a cousin of LSD it's it's something
psychoactive that's very closely related
and what you did would do is they would
make it they would take the Morning
Glory seeds they would they would soak
them and I think they would smash them
and make a cake and bake it so they have
LS a LS LS a less surge occurred right
is that lysergic acid it concentrated
Wow yeah and so when you fly this
they've engineered Morning Glory seeds
many of them to not be is
psychoactive they've done things to them
because Apple in the 70s we're getting
high off Morning Glory seeds oh is that
funny yeah
Terence Mckenna it was one of my
favorite psychedelic authors that was
his first psychedelic trip he was a
young lad he ate morning glory seeds he
bought them and smashed him up teens
trying to get high sickened after eating
flower seeds Today Show what years that
that's so far years yeah they bought
flower seeds recently they probably
heard me talk about it yeah well that's
baby with Rose that's so funny Morning
Glory yeah okay those are Morning Glory
ones yeah but see there are these
welcome banana peels I don't know why
they're getting sick
they're probably pussies too many little
bitches apparently these seeds contain d
large Surgical
amide LSA which closely resembles LSD
but see all of them don't have that no
when they say they got sick would they
not see and vomiting oh they had a batch
and introspection yeah introspection is
sickening yeah yeah apparently that's
how a lot of the Mayans a lot of the
Mayans used to take LSA they said take
this stuff that used to take Morning
Glory seeds and McKenna said that when
he did it he saw a lot of like classic
Mayan iconography he saw like a lot of
imagery so maybe that's just how it
reacts with the brain it could be
there's also there's that's a really
plausible theory there's another theory
that's a little more slippery and this
one is very woowoo and the idea is that
every experience that you have like say
if you take mushrooms right every when
you're eating mushrooms you're not just
having an experience where your brain is
interacting with this substance but you
are in fact experiencing all of the
people that have ever interacted with
this trip so that that's one of the
reasons why psilocybin is so potentially
potent is that you're not just accessing
we're talking about moron glory seeds oh
right and other getting high and morning
glory seeds and this was something that
the Mayans did we I remember we did that
when I was in high school out there
but there are zillions a lot of thought
well the McKenna was saying that when he
did it he saw all this I think he said
either mine or Egyptian iconography saw
a lot of like images that were very
similar to like these ancient
civilizations and the thought is that
either this is what's it's doing to your
brain or the more woowoo thought is that
when you are having a psychedelic
experience especially when you're
consuming something like a fungus like
psilocybin that you're not just having
this experience where this chemicals
interacting with your brain but you're
entering into the realm of all the
previous experiences that human beings
have had with this which is one of the
reasons why psilocybin has such a rich
history and these are incredibly potent
experiences when you do take psilocybin
and then also ayahuasca
when you take that people see Jaguars
and snakes and all these different
things and so the thought behind that is
that you are interacting with all the
experiences that all these many people
have had with these with these various
substances is it what's genetic inside
you like I'm here I mean who knows she's
stored yeah that's all just speculating
but that what's interesting is that
McKenna said that ketamine which at the
time when he was alive he died in the
early I think early two-thousands right
I think he died like early 2000s that
ketamine was a weird drug to take
because it seemed like no one had taken
it yet that you would take it and it's
like you were in an empty office
building like it's all built but there's
no one in the building whereas if you're
taking LSD or if you're taking
psilocybin you've this all these
experiences that people have had so it's
like the drug itself or the compound
itself absorbs the experiences of the
user and transfers them to the next
users very woowoo yeah it is I like that
idea though yeah you do something that
says potent is like psilocybin you
you're open to fucking anything like if
that's possible if you can eat five
grams of mushrooms and that happens like
god damn it I'll take whatever you got
what else you got what else you tell me
is this and that's yeah I don't know yes
yeah it's also happen
can treat intractable depression yes
people take know it opens up doors yeah
brain that you take it one will always
stay close yeah that you do one
psilocybin trip and then for like six
months their depression is completely
gone yeah my parents had a had a friend
who was experimented on in Canada as a
with the LSD mm-hmm so she lost her mind
eventually yeah but she didn't know it
was a government they the CIA was
experimenting in Canada on Canadians of
course and she was to get across that
clear cut yeah that's right
back then it was harder there was Rob
yeah they couldn't get over yeah they
had they had good full cooperation is
that it was the diefenbaker you think
yep you guys know the ted's kid since he
swore the Unabomber I know about the be
Unabomber part he was a part of the LSD
Harvard studies Oh was he he was more
this is kind of the same same deal
yeah they cooked that guy's brain yep
yeah yeah there's there's a documentary
about it it's really interesting he was
like a 16 year old kid when he first
went to Harvard because he was so
fucking smart that he was entering to
harbor at 16 years of age and there was
a psychologist that was working at
Harvard at the time that he is he's been
photographed with and was friends with
and he was a part of this program this
guy was notoriously ruthless with his
application of LSD to young people I
mean just gave it a shot let's see what
fries them forever does but here's the
thing and I've been thinking about this
a lot lately I think that he was onto
something and this is what he was on to
what he was onto he was trying to kill
people that were creating technology
because he felt like technology is gonna
be the end of humans he's right he's
right yes I'm saying on your show yeah
you're hot as fuck on ass and they
probably gave him a fucking coffee cup
full of acid at 16 yeah who knows how
much they were they didn't know what the
doses were they were just experimenting
with yeah cuz I Ken Kesey and Leary were
exactly part of that exactly yeah a few
weeks ago when I read an article online
and at the bottom had said this article
has been written by a program not by a
human oh yeah
yeah I was like what yeah I arts coming
hain't paintings paintings done by AI
Symphony no yeah what's happening no its
current in it now well once they figure
out a way to make a reality that's
indiscernible from the reality that
we're currently experiencing which is
just it's around the corner yeah that's
only like four or happened a billion
years ago right and we're just living in
it well you only know what's in front of
you you know what I mean yeah and if
you've done the you know the you know
what is it the oculus stuff and all rift
yeah yeah I mean we have a HTC vive in
the back it's too hazy they're
incredible right yeah it's amazing but
your emotions everything mmm it's like
you're there it's no different yeah you
know it's very similar there's one where
you jump off a building have you ever
tried that one no you go out in a diving
board on a on a high-rise and over off
yeah well they are they're using it to
treat PTSD and yeah I reckon the phobias
yeah it's going to happen yeah so once
they figure out a way to give you some
experiences that you can't tell whether
or not those experiences are were real
or not then the aliens are feel they'll
land it's the matrix in Iraq it really
is the matrix I think that the
artificial life and art in intelligence
that is sentient that is also completely
autonomous that can run itself and
decide for itself it's only a matter of
time that's not a matter of the this is
not like HG Wells science-fiction 200
years ago like we're just guessing this
is like you could see it coming yeah
they already have machine learning
they're ready have certain artificial
intelligence that guesses certain things
about you and yeah but Siri is still a
dumb cunt
what's better big spear series I don't
ride Bixby Samsung's version like I
never use it
yeah it's incredibly effective yeah but
it has a terrible voice that button to
sit employs an app it out to anything
else
is it the voice of Bill Beck speak is
that really cool all right from the Hulk
yeah and no or John tell you about
music come child to pick I never loved
you till yeah yeah and he had that
Japanese lady that was a keeper
but he never hooked up with her I was
like come on she's right there bro she
seems real nice she seems lonely too
yeah yeah I didn't like how are you not
with her man she's so nice to your kid
yeah you guys a big a sweet family very
long you know Davey may have you got in
like five or six more seasons though
overs on Netflix or something yeah there
to push that angle I started watching
the magician a little bit you seen that
what does that have to be show Oh Oh God
what is the worst of all - is one of the
CBS movie mysteries it was like with
Columbo and was terrible really I loved
him yeah he was the magician uses magic
to know magic yeah oh that's hilarious
yeah I don't solve crimes of magic you
don't you don't you know you just do
magic yeah oh and you're solving crimes
and then someone else solves crimes yeah
it's probably a producers idea right
guys here's the show a magician who
solves green sell it
I got another meeting I gotta go he
leaves yeah yeah I they gave me a pitch
once it was a guy who is immortal
he was an Egyptian this was a pitch to
me yeah it's gonna play this yeah who is
immortal farts good casting yeah more
like God mm-hmm yeah something happened
back then and a woman put a curse on me
because I was like banging her sister or
something like that
and the curse was that you would live
forever so here I was many thousands of
years later I had to pretend that I was
a regular person I could never die and
that was the sitcom that was yes as a
sitcom who's a sitcom oh the dumbest
like that I've ever heard in my life
great isn't one hour yeah I was like do
you solve crimes because I know I knew
it was gonna be a problem when I met the
guy and he was wearing bowling shoes but
he wasn't going bone
shoes a lot of character my shoes are
interesting I used to do that well do
you remember when there was the writer
teams but it was always a one guy who
was the typer and the other guy was
really funny yeah you know there was a
lot of those teams and those teams would
branch off and one of those guys would
get a lot of money and then the you know
the fucking paper there's a lot of that
with the teams the teams always seem to
be like one really talented person yeah
who's kind of maybe introspective and
weird and they eventually figured out oh
I can just hire a typist mm-hmm yeah and
you got rid of that guy and then that
guy got a big development deal all right
remember development oh my god I had so
many of them I had one one year where
they gave me a shit ton of money and we
never did anything I got all the money
yeah I had three Munson I had about four
right after Newsradio did you yeah
and they creat smaller and smaller
networks each time so yeah right get
down to the CW you know you got an issue
I might have to actually write something
out no cooking channel so what is this
obsessing what is your your more recent
obsessing about UFOs what's the origin
of this it's well part of it is just the
fact that that the evidence just the
evidence itself says you have to take
this seriously and yet no one does or
very very few people do I'm even like I
again that f-16 footage that even Neil
deGrasse Tyson who is a great skeptic
said us on one of the late night
actually said well if you really want to
look at the possibility of some
non-human intelligence that f-16 stuff
is pretty compelling
what is the f16 stuff that to the Stars
Academy put out it was this long yeah
he's crazy on the park busy oh yeah very
nice guy what do you see he's a very
nice guy and a brilliant musician yeah
and he's a loon yeah fucking full-on
believer yeah he left blink 182 to go do
this to the stars Academy shit he's the
biggest goddamn rock band on the planet
okay here's something interesting about
this
and this was pointed out like by okay
film video film by fighter jet shows an
unknown object near san diego video from
2004 was released by the US Department
of Defense well the way it moves there's
something about the way it moves is
really weird huh that way one of the
pilots told the media the object was not
from this world
hmm yeah and here's the things like the
skeptics in order to dismiss that they
have to go
well front they have to make arguments
like that jet fighters are not better
observers than anyone else
pull up Mick Ward's take on that Mick
Ward the guy who he runs deep what is it
meta bunk meta bonds a debunking site
and he's another one of those guys that
is all in with the the conventional
explanation yeah it goes way out of his
way to not look at anything that could
be which is the opposite of Occam's
razor yes yes how comes razor says you
know that if you have to go to great
lengths to dismiss something right
that's not following Occam's razor right
Occam's razor says if the jet pilot says
he saw this he saw it I think he had an
interesting take on it throwing one
thing says there's a time during the
video where the pilot shifted from 1 X 2
to X which makes the image move more
because you have magnification like if
you ever used magnifying glasses by nose
like if you use 15 X by nose it's very
difficult to hold on yeah but 6 6 you
can't look at things in distance yeah
but that's if you don't have about about
3 million dollars worth of stabilization
equipment on you're dead walked on to
this object right which is why that
stays in lock he had an expert although
that was kind of interesting and when it
breaks free of the lock he saw
unbelievable just take off or something
like it just at one point just the
object just breaks free the lock and
that's almost impossible hmm I have a
glitch I'm possible for anything that
man wants to do with the quality of
cameras today why is this footage so
shitty this is infrared footage yeah
yeah I mean do you need this when you're
shooting at things in the sky you can't
rely on
well you're looking at heat yeah I can't
see visually it's so far it's so far it
would be best game in the rabbit hole
how did debunk conspiracy theories using
fact logic and resistance so what is he
saying what is he saying the program
that uh make that a little larger for my
stupid eyes said for all you made sure
you are talking about the right video
there's two that are confused here we're
talking about the gimbal video which is
not from the Nimitz incident just
discussed here so scroll down a little
bit the gimbal video is in ok yeah
that's the one we're looking at it's an
unknown date and location from an up
from unknown pilots nope the tic-tock
one some yeah that's 2004 ok that's
David forever the media's discussed
these videos tom belongs to the stars
the link contains the frames what's he
saying keep going keep going keep going
the black shaper on the objects I'm kind
of infrared flare glare we know the
shape of a very bright infrared source
like the engine of a plane can be much
bigger than the object itself is
explained here ok so this like a flare
mm-hmm doesn't explain again Occam's
razor is ok so this guy this guy's
saying it's look at it looks nothing
like it mm but even if it is a jet at
jets not capable of breaking free from
the lock right yeah and if you look at
that
you can see the jet his own example
debunks is debunking right not be moving
yeah the video need not be moving and
it's also something that that this guy
doing probably a few hours research has
come up with something that is more
credible than a trained fighter pilot
who is there and visually seeing it what
do you think in tracking a view I guess
I don't know let's get crazy oh I would
I think it is it is an intelligent craft
is a craft being piloted intelligently
why aren't they talking to us uh we're
fucking ape smile even fucking plastic
straws everywhere oh we cured it no more
plastic straws when you're when you're
looking at an ant colony you didn't go
listen to me ants yes you just looked at
them you know there was no you know and
they say why why don't they go to the
White House and so what I would do when
you look at an ant colony go I must
speak to the Queen right you know yes
noise look at ants yeah that's what the
most ridiculous thing about like the old
movies like the old movies it would land
on the White House lawn right that's it
yeah Bharath to Nick whatever that thing
was yeah Klaatu barata
like - Nick - yeah that's the Day the
Earth Stood Still was like nineteen
forty years 15:55 fucking great great
music I watched it really recently a
little bit stories are great he was a
Crow's people is name is John Carpenter
Oh JC that's right rice was a carpenter
they shoot that object out of his hand
the first second he pulls it out
remember he has a thing that's your
cancer yeah they shoot him they shoot
him and they just shoot out of his hand
media and at the end of the movie he is
he is killed and resurrected that's
right right yeah they she's taking the
robot - yeah yeah the robot yeah robot
yeah very tall yeah yeah and like he
looked like you would want a robot to
look in 1950 yes yes metal and shit
Smith yeah
Chrome yeah those those were the days we
thought that they would communicate like
it wasn't there was a whole rash of them
that were seen over Washington DC yeah
there was a PA there was some dozens
yeah dozens of UFOs tracked and admitted
by the government that they were
tracking them and watching them hmm but
they essentially and then the end there
explained to us nothing nothing
particularly important you know we have
a mutual friend who claims I won't say
her name but chick knows and I feel eggs
I wrote her off as a lunatic when I
first heard yeah well she was claimed to
be abducted
yeah and then I I was doing a show with
her years ago and she was telling us the
story we're all like oh huh that's
pretty funny and she says and then they
took a scoop
out of my back and I'm like a scoop they
took a scoop out of your back and she
showed on their back shoulder there was
a hexagonal diamond-shaped scoop out of
her back a divot that it was hexagonal
yeah that was clearly clearly and no
scar tissue maybe she was a crazy bitch
no scar tissue might know how to make
this yeah give myself a little punch but
I am hole punch back there I worked at a
bookstore at the time years ago and I
went into the alien section of the
world's biggest bookstore in Toronto in
the name of it and of course I went to
the alien section and just looked all
this crap up immediately and there are
other people yeah what the scoop there's
a lot of other people with you know
abduction stories and some of them have
like little pieces of something in their
body I remember you talking to me about
this many many years ago I was like oh
no Dave's interested it was like
implants you're talking about people
that have alien implants in the body
yeah and that's the things I to me it's
just I guess the one thing that's I'm
kind of obsessed with now is just
because we're comedians yes and what the
power of ridicule to silence debate is
unbelievably potent sure and we're part
of that we're part of the machinery that
was used very very consciously by the
government to silence yeah any inquiry
you know it was like you know feeding it
you know feeding the story the right way
to late-night talk show hosts mm-hmm
made it so that nobody would talk about
it so do you think that the government
consciously fed those ideas like Johnny
Carson and those folks yeah I think
there's documentation of a pro you know
of that they you know to to make the UFO
phenomenon ridiculous do you think they
did that to avoid mass hysteria like if
you're you're the government and you
know there's nothing out there but you
see these people freaking out you okay
look we've looked we've used all of our
military might all of our scientific
power and we we don't see shit I'm not
buying this but these people are
freaking out this has the real potential
to get out of hand and go sideways on us
let's just start making fun of this yeah
I don't know I think it's more likely
that there's something there that they
feel powerless to control do you think
Kennedy was taken down into the
the basement of whatever and shown the
alien sitting there this is what I say
about aliens with when in regards to
Trump if there's anybody that would
fucking tell us it we did it
you know tweets UFOs are real but CNN is
fake yeah New York fails to find UFOs
if the government does have the evidence
they are never going to show it to Trump
right that's the problem like what the
fuck's the point being president if you
can't find that UFOs yeah if I knew that
to become president meant you get all
the access to UFOs I'm like oh yeah yeah
okay so like I try for that the
presidents who have tried haven't gotten
there no no one gets it like Jimmy
partner Jimmy Carter you know said he
was he had a UFO experience yeah he saw
something right yeah yeah I saw he said
he saw something but it see that was
back in the 70s where everybody was
seeing shit they were all talking about
things there's more the zeitgeist was
people were legit like after Close
Encounters of the Third Kind especially
people are legitimately thinking that
aliens were gonna come he proposed such
a possible scenario and I move it was so
good yeah it wasn't anything you
expected it was gonna be but like I was
gonna say here like in that exams like
the range of some like like that
explanation of the f-16s locked
you know footage like Rendlesham forest
were the the they claimed that these
American soldiers in the woods out in
England mistook the light a lighthouse
light for a spacecraft that they were
within 20 feet of a craft that they saw
and took notes on difference of yeah
they were not even like bright up
against it and they you know wrote down
notes saw like different sort of
hieroglyphs on the ship itself described
its you know described the the feel of
it this electrostatic feel of being
around it and the official explanation
was they mistook a lighthouse several
miles away for this spacecraft so
Occam's razor again says that's hard to
believe that
these trained observers and that's I
think they always try to dismiss the
idea that trained observers are better
observers but they are better observers
sure in the age of yeah today where
everyone has a high-definition camera
yeah in their pocket have you taken a
have you taken a photograph of the moon
on your phone comes out super doesn't
look like the moon what's true right
there's no details comes out as work
alone the lenses are too wide but but
Occam's razor says all right they saw
something but this you know because what
is the likelihood that trained observers
who have been on this base for years on
this night would mistake a lighthouse
that they've seen every night for the
entire time they've been on this base
for a UFO I mean what is the the
likelihood that that explanation is
correct I'm not aware of this door o
Rendlesham forest yeah how do you say it
bent woods in Rendlesham and REM d le SH
a.m. Rendlesham forest
yeah who's been woods it was to noise
like a character actor on Columbo were
you afraid there was you have an episode
and it's a nuclear relation and
Rendlesham forest the nuclear
installations are always ripe with UFOs
yes yeah what year was this this was in
the 80s 1980 yeah hmm interesting and
it's you know and said obviously the
obvious explanation is or nothing except
the only thing you can accept is that
these observers saw something right
described it accurately is it something
that had crashed if you want to say that
no it came down was was landed in the
forest and then took off what do you
think of the wrong case the night before
that Roswell I I think it's probably
true we're you know you're all in yeah
what I mean because it's interesting
again because the because the cover
stories for are so much less believable
than an alien yeah I used to have a joke
about it yeah that they put on the paper
that they have recovered a crashed UFO
and alien bodies and the next day they
set up we made a mistake it was just a
balloon Mexicans yeah they're Mexicans
they were drinking apparently
without the balloon pinata yeah you go
crazy believing you're right but we just
invented some new stuff yeah we're and
then 30 years later they go oh we were
they were high altitude dummies they
were dropping that's right to test how
they would fall and now we have lasers
and invisibility cloaks well they showed
up again the next day with a bunch of
weather balloon scraps yeah look this is
yeah what the guy holding up what they
don't tell you is that they flew the
wreckage out to wright-patterson Air
Force in two separate planes and the
Truman met them there yeah yeah yes I
mean yeah the more rational two separate
planes the more because they were
worried that one would crash the the
weather the weather balloon thing is not
rational
yes something weird happened I listen I
want it to be an alien so bad question
myself so that's my problem I want all
that stuff but I again I I won't like
I'll be skeptical about stuff that just
seems crazy over people that you know
believe you know sort of ascribe some
sort of metaphysical explanation for all
this my my thing is just well if the
preponderance of the evidence says
something happened right but doesn't
tell you what happened right then you
still have to believe something happened
not knowing what happened isn't evidence
that it didn't happen and yet you're
still a flat earther yeah
whoa have you looked outside it seems
y-yeah have you studied hashtag spaces
fake no you just lived in people dumber
these people there's people that are so
dumb they think the earth is flat and
there's people that that are so dumb
they make fun of the people that are
dumber than them yeah yeah they think
that the space is fake space is fake
there's no space no space and it's
basically what isn't that well that's
the holographic theory yeah no but you
google it it's really religious it's
it's all about the firmament and the
Bible they're they're really it's very
strange because stars are hung in this
guy over what you would call like yes
and YouTube people here it is right and
you know what fuck I have fully again
because I'm 50 wow that's incredible
human Explorer
I understand I have to be sometimes
yeah hashtag spaces fake human dug earth
hmm yeah you may explore ocean suddenly
discover a thousand miles really
well-written yeah super super completely
they can discover a thousand miles I
wonder how many of those I was talking
to you about Renee de Resta who's the
woman who studies all these Russian
troll farms and their Mockbee I'm
wondering how much of that is them that
the Russians like the side Flat Earth a
spaces fake Department where they just
mark because it's always in English I
don't think there's a lot of flatterers
Russian proponents God if I was one of
those Russian guys that I would want
that to be my department yeah I just
they call people globe targ's
or globe heads yeah if you believe it if
you believe it's around yeah yeah
Qatar's
I've saved some of these memes cuz
they're so wonderful they're just like
this is rich
I had the wars uber ride with a guy know
who was a flat earther yeah he was and
he was a computer programmer what yeah a
computer programmer slash flat earther
yeah and then I was driving an uber not
working now so I held the whole time
while he didn't argh while he drove me
crazy he drove me he knew what he was
doing I think it's doing on purpose I
think so so how did he start off so I
bet you're one of those guys believes
the Earth's around huh well I talked
about the beautiful view from the plane
they picked me up at the airport
yeah and and you know it's so beautiful
the sunset over the curvature of the
earth
not really the curvature of the earth
that's how it started stop oh my god at
the point where I was I think I think I
tore my clothes off you made me so
insane there's so many of them now and
you know we we uncovered the origins of
it of what we think the origins of it it
was a troll from 4chan 4chan was fucking
around they started promoting this idea
that the earth is actually that's where
it started a lot of things start from
that that's was a free bleeding movement
started from I know what that is women
are expressing their power by
controlling their menstrual cycle with
pads or tampons just bleeding into their
pants to show their power yeah they did
it on 4chan as a joke and the women
started doing in real life for real yeah
they thought that thought it was like
this is a way to like these people are
disgusted by menstrual blood or
something yeah shit on the patriarchy by
showing your pussy blood crazy makes me
want to start one 4chan is the best they
just they're so good at that they're so
good at starting these goofy ass fucking
little movements and then getting people
behind it it's like a it's like a game
yeah yeah game well it's you know what
it is it's probably bunch of really
smart people right some of them not so
smart but some of them really smart that
are stuck at their desks and they're
bored shit with some computer job
somewhere and I think of in the meantime
they just decide to fuck people right
we're talking about flat earthers you
know free bleeding the free bleeding
movement which is also started by 4chan
yeah 4chan started this movement where
women would express their power by not
controlling their menstrual cycle by
just letting the blood leak out into
their pants and they did it as a joke
yeah the 4chan did and women started
actually doing it caught on yeah yeah a
lot of these things it's so hard to mock
like it's so hard to figure out like
what is mockery and what's real exactly
what is parody and what's what's mirror
that what's the onion the onion is you
know if you do you know that James
Lindsay Peter Bogosian what's ha the
woman's name the woman that we didn't
mean the grievance Studies hoaxes do you
know Peter Bogosian is a professor at
the University of Portland and I think
that's the school he's in Portland and
he decided to with these other academics
publish these fake papers on like rape
and dog parks and like like like
cisnormative like different like to see
what what happened know people loved
them ridiculous things like fat body
building like bodybuilding contests for
fat people like to talk about the
importance of these things like things
that you would read and you would think
would be obviously a parody someone's
fucking around they submit these these
academic journals not only get published
but they get praised for for their
scholarship
mm-hmm and then they came out and said
hey we were fuckin with you guys so late
yeah it's out there and you know and you
guys love these papers you morons and
that this is problem part of the problem
with the humanities today yeah is that
things are so sideways in terms of like
it's so difficult to find out what's
what's parity and what's reality yeah
mm-hmm that's insane it's at the same
time is insane as it gets
yeah yeah yeah they guess it's very
unsettling it's not know to not know if
someone's having me on or not exactly
yeah
and will this vary all the structures
they used that for good or for bad would
filter things down are gone yeah you
know like we you know everything was
handed over to powerful people who
filtered what we were given to know
there used to be a an agreement of
common sense that you hang around
I think the cure is to line reading and
I think we're gonna accept that cure
because I you know Elon is working on
some sort of neural link things the only
way we'll know if someone's telling the
truth we're gonna have yeah I think it's
good we're gonna accept it and we're
gonna give in and we're gonna we're
we're going to be able to take another
step further I think they're gonna
create a universal language everything
is a lot I think there's going to be a
universal language that probably is
augmented reality some augmented reality
language shapes or some kind of
symbolism symbols yeah something that is
great too and we're we're probably not
gonna accept it because we're old we'll
like fuck this next generation our kids
maybe even our kids kids our kids kids
are gonna be the first people to adopt
it and then it's gonna be universal
worldwide and with augmented reality and
some sort of ability to interact with
each other yeah
through my kind of bandwidth I remember
the first time I heard about cochlear
implants mmm that's the first thing that
popped in my head is this is the start
yeah this is the shortest interface
you're now officially you're a sidebar
for clear implant you are a cyborg
there's a six-link people with Apple
watches on yeah
you know you're wearing an Apple watch
like what do you would eat what is that
you have a computer that's constantly
strapped to you all the time answering
you monitoring your heart rate yeah you
know and then we've been sitting here
and when we don't know something
accessing the entire store of human
knowledge
Jamie's our cyber yeah yeah yeah we're
accessing all of human knowledge
true anytime we woman that was Ellen's
other thing that he said on the podcast
you're already a cyborg you have a phone
it just it's not in your body but it's
and you're holding on to yeah it's
voluntary cyborg did you guys read the
third wave years ago was that a book you
know no that was the prediction of all
this really yeah and it's in the early
eighties and it was prediction and the
one thing third one he predicted was
that the next generation the first line
in that I remember was it's all about
information yeah it's all gonna be about
sharing information you know that's
almost gonna figure out a way to share
information well that's when I saw the
cochlear implant I thought well if
you're erase your your brain is
interpreting an electronic signal as
information directly its bypassing the
ear entirely right and it's just a
neuronal connection is that well that
eventually is how we will access the
Internet will access the Internet as
though it is our own thoughts it'll be
as Li as I remember your name remember
any other fact well beyond matrix and
we'll all be part of the same yeah we
won't be sitting in pods somewhere well
see it for yourself it initially will be
like a peripheral thing you'll be able
to tap into it or not as you as you wish
but I think as time goes on it's going
to be more and more integrated just like
distinguish which run your own mind look
you used to have to go to a computer
that was hardwired into the wall right
and you dial-up to get online yeah now
everything's instantaneous is your phone
and this isn't I remember when we were
on Newsradio I first got an Apple
computer and got online and I was fuckin
fascinated I couldn't believe it to
CompuServe yes how we got to bring it
all around the first thing I did was
download UFO reports downloading UFO
like a dork like all these things yeah I
remember the first chat with somebody I
remember in 1993 yeah and it was a 95
office computer first time I had in news
raid was the first time I had an E
account remember that and getting on
online I know it and me at first I think
I went to the Louvre site sure to see
what was on there and you know watched
you know Hieronymus Bosch paintings
downloaded in about 30 minutes why I
remember you had a program on your
laptop this was like 96 you had a
program on your laptop that kept
crashing but when it worked it was
amazing because we give you the news yes
it's ask run saver yes as a screen saver
the news would just come up yes
constantly the constant flow of news and
I wish that still existed it doesn't
exist anymore I don't even think it was
Wi-Fi thank you again
I had I had an ISDN line in my house oh
my I remember which gave me 128 kilobits
per second light years ahead of
everybody I knew yeah I had its he one
line installed in my house yeah yeah I
remember it like it's like I need
there's only I lived in the woods it was
the only way I could get like really
high speed internet just had a carve a
fucking hole in the ground and give me a
business pipe amazing now five g's
around the corner man
five g's faster they say it's goods of
times can change again yeah it's to a
fiber optic link yeah on your phone yeah
I think CDs are those are gone now
forever I save a post in case yeah just
is just yeah well the real question is
like where are we storing all this stuff
if we're only storing it in one than
zeros like we're talking about the
demise of civilization there's all that
up right but that's what that's what
probably I mean every society probably I
don't think they reached that ten
thousand years ago but I think every
society probably reaches some point
where everything is just ones and zeros
on a database somewhere but there's no
crashes it's a physical place right
where that exists something like all our
Gmail accounts exist somewhere there's
huge shillings with internet exchanges
sure you know if someone just drops oh
no no that's absolutely the case but
also if something happens and the grid
goes down and we I mean we're
right if Matty yeah where I ever yeah
I'm sure of what dr. Robert Schoch was
talking about if there's a fucking
lightning storm
that he really torches buildings and
starts everything on fire
good luck accessing all that shit not
only that if human beings just skip a
generation like we have a generation of
turmoil and chaos and and then we slowly
rebuild civilization
how many of those people are gonna
understand computer code how many these
people can understand Linux how many
these people that are coming up without
any education from a formal university
from no internet connection whatsoever
for decades perhaps hundreds of years
it's like the resetting of civilization
you talked about earlier exactly start
all over again and that's when the
aliens come because they know we can't
do anything but draw shit on ya they
wait until we can take pictures anymore
then they come yeah and we engineer yeah
right now they just you know relying on
the fact that nobody can frame a shot
well with the weirdo thing about the
alien theory was that they came down and
genetically manipulated lower hominids
yeah that's the really humans BS that's
the weirder one yeah or that they are
they are a later evolved version of us
coming back to check on us right right
right yeah and that's the other thing
too is about that archetypal image of
the alien with the big black eyes is
that if you go you go down from
Australia Pittacus to home modern homo
sapien if you make this connect you see
this hunched over very hairy almost
chimp like all humanoid and then
standing up but but losing all of its
hair and the head is much larger
doubling of the human brain size over a
period of two million years yeah well
where's that going is I gonna keep going
well if it keeps going this is what
you're gonna get you gotta get a fee
yeah feeble thing with a giant head and
that's what these aliens are they're
always
feeble with giant heads it's true yeah
yeah terrible and if they left what
they've been living off earth for a long
time yeah
then yeah your bodies you know they're
very out of shape well they also have no
penises or vaginas so they realized that
saves a lot of time yes that gives you
time to get stuff done I'm already there
and it's more of a meritocracy you're
not banging people based on their tits
and ass yeah
you don't have that anymore there's no
more that you just more wasted time
yeah just sharing your thoughts
transparently through the air no orders
you don't even orb like and yeah yeah
you need to pick things up anymore
everything's telekinetic right now using
that giant head to move shit around
never have to leave your house that was
the other like your pod there's a guy
that worked supposedly he don't know if
you really worked at area 51 but the the
whole story was good document is it yeah
yeah it's you can't breathe
where you it's just dealing with him as
an individual to go okay this guy isn't
you know he isn't the the firebrand UFO
believer that some people want him to be
hmm and he's not the lunatic that other
people want him to be but he didn't tell
the truth about his education right
isn't that the case there's there's some
some finagling about
yeah well definitely like the records of
his education if they if he was telling
the truth those records aren't around
anymore right yeah so if he was telling
the truth somebody expunged and yet and
he's and he's basically his argument is
well if I didn't have this education why
was I hired to do this job right you
know I mean I was hired to do this
research by the government and and they
have the records of me doing the
research so why did they let me do this
research for all these years if I didn't
have the education to do it but wouldn't
every someone who went to school with
them like don't you have friends from
high school right well not many well I I
do have some friends they can go yeah oh
yeah wasn't there a guy who went to
college with Bob Lazar could say yeah
yeah 6 101 which is out there yeah I
think there aren't people yeah yeah they
remember him oh cool so you you enjoyed
the documentary do you remember what the
name of it is uh
what is it called Bob Lazar the guy who
it's a newest yeah somebody emailed me
about that well Satan the guy made it
that's a real problem
like UFO even this one is a fairly
rational documentary but it's but
they're so bad even this one is just
this just got just bad filmmaking right
you know Obama's are area 51 and flying
saucers
for the title yeah four point one that's
it
Jeremie Korbel yeah I think he's the
gentleman yeah and that's what I said
adults but it has like Mickey Rourke
doing voiceover very dogmatic voiceover
karf at some point I loved it as the
wrestler doing it as Bukowski
that would be fine it's got 20 percent
on Rotten Tomatoes but it's movie here
with your fucking UFO but I mean you've
seen you've seen the was I know what I
saw and out of the blue those
documentaries no you haven't seen those
are great are they out of the blue is a
great serious documentary about the UFO
phenomena and and I know what I saw
is one sort of tracing the participants
in the the disclosure hearings at the
Press Club in Washington God you got to
bring me back in the ship yeah I love
them man I really wish they're real but
I'm telling you my experience talking to
these people when I did that sci-fi
shows like yeah this is all nonsense
yeah but again that maybe those people
were nonsense but the Train military air
traffic controllers the pilots yeah you
know government officials like was his
name fief the governor of Arizona
he's one of the guys in I know what I
saw an out of the blue oh yeah he was
the guy that was told to like mock it
dressed like you yeah in the segment he
talks about how much he deeply regrets
doing that and this is from out of the
blue yeah really
deeply regret maybe now is not a
governor anymore he's trying to get a
new angle on his career well he
basically said you know what well tens
of thousands of people saw these craft
right and we lied we came out we lied
mmm so he did say who directed him to
lie I he didn't really didn't say he was
really directed to do he said he felt
like people were in a state of panic and
he thought he could relieve some of the
fear by making a joke of it and he said
he really regret he really just wanted
to make relaxed people hmm
because he didn't he didn't know what
else to do he said he didn't he said I
saw it everyone else saw it and I didn't
know how to calm people down so I made
this joke and he said he regrets it you
know to this day there's another thing
about these UFO experiences
alien experiences where people really
dive into them there seems to be the AC
the atheists version of religion to
aliens fo yeah yeah which again I that I
dismiss you know do you yeah I don't
think that's likely to be the case that
they're here to save us or they're not
can no I don't know Nash and I mean that
I mean the people that are believers
that are really into it it seems to be
that that instead of focusing on a deity
they're focusing on transferring its
something baby daddy yeah that when we
decide to point those nuclear weapons at
each other and you know it's gonna come
down they'll come down at the last
minute talk to Russia and prompt and
make a good what's not yeah yeah yeah
right but where were they during her
Shima and Nagasaki yeah watching well
everybody deserves the lunch break yeah
but I said I think whoever whatever is
going on it's not an intervention well
you know right after worth right
afterwards was when a giant swarm of UFO
sightings happened yeah right after the
nuclear bombs were dropped yeah that's
when the there's a big uptick in UFO
sightings yeah and a lot of the yeah and
as you said a lot of the incidents are
at nuclear missile sites they're going
for fuel yeah well they've uh I mean
there's the one in Arizona somewhere
they they were UFO showed up and shut
down the entire launch system they all
the missiles went offline at the same
time and it's you know and it's
documented and it's in the records of
the time Tom Tom Tom but all of the
missiles went offline you don't seem
like they're buying this I I'm I'm
literally right in the middle that's
where I live on this thing is I really
don't know I'm not quite in the middle
I'm in the I desperately want it to be
real yeah but it's not I'm still I'm
calling bullshit yeah yes I guess I'm
edging but my desire my desire is Tory
out I want it to be real when John
Landis came out as a Bigfoot that
bothered me didn't really yeah he came
out as a Bigfoot believer no he came out
as the guy in the suit oh yeah I
remember that no that's just lie
but what did you do then about five or
six Harry and the Hendersons that suit
no this is him and his college friends
they made their the Big Foot in the in
the famous video no that's pop no that's
Bob hieronymus no no no there's a video
of Bob Bob hieronymus was friends with
the see that that story that Bigfoot
stories a real problem because that's
Robert the Patterson film Patterson was
a con man who went to jail for writing a
bad check that paid for the very camera
he used to film Bigfoot he went out
looking to film Bigfoot yeah they had a
fucking suit I mean he's trying to get a
suit they got Bob hieronymus is a big
tall guy who walks like Bigfoot so
there's a video yes the Patterson
footage if there's a bit video that
superimposes Bob hieronymus walking on
one side and Bigfoot on the other side
walks the same they fucking this it's
the guy yeah it's him and by the way
Bigfoot looks like a guy in a Bigfoot
suit it's not a fucking animal on the
planet that looks like a person in an
animal suit you never look at a swan and
go hey looks like a person Swan suit
know things that like if you see a
gorilla it does not look like a person
in a gorilla suit right now the
difference different that's the same
with this fucking stupid footage it's so
dumb that the people that buy in them
believe it it's like come on just look
at ya it was always as always see we can
find that footage yeah Bob hieronymus
right next to the Bob hieronymus as
Bigfoot I mean there's a there's a video
on YouTube where they show the
stabilized image of this animal moving
across the eye not by the way I've been
to that area where they saw that thing
yeah that's really interesting because
this isn't your show that yet but
there's still like people like
anthropologists who will still say the
you know that there's clear evidence
that can own structure of this Bigfoot
but Concentra doesn't matter human if
there's a single thing that survived I
mean it's not a single thing yeah there
has to be community the compelling
interesting aspect of Bigfoot is that
there was an animal called
Gigantopithecus that existed yeah as
recently as a hundred thousand years ago
and they found
in the 1920s an apothecary shop in China
that were an unknown hominid and then
they were like where'd you get these and
then they found the area where they
found them and they started discovering
more and they found some jaw bone
fragments and some various bones see
this look at this look at that guy oh my
god I mean get the funk that's the guy
that's amazing that's him and he admits
you yes that's the same he admitted talk
to it's fucking him he talked about it
he said told the story they said all
right ready goes exactly so put that guy
in a big ole stupid fucking furry suit
and you have Bigfoot and that's great
it's a hundred percent him so does that
mean he's not one out there no so
Gigantopithecus was a real animal that
they think was a bipedal hominid that
lived somewhere around a hundred
thousand years ago for sure but most
likely coincide lived alongside human
beings for eons right and this thing was
an eight to ten foot tall and North Sea
if you get an image of the photo of a
recreation of age I can't open thickest
next to a modern human being it's really
interesting
it was huge a huge bipedal fossil record
of it it's a real thing yeah yeah I mean
it makes sense like if a gorilla
what are those girls like five hundred
pounds I mean gorillas and gorillas are
considered mythical creatures until like
you seen 1900 scroll up Jamie there's a
better image right above you was it even
the 1900 says grills were first just
like officially discovered do so there's
a better one where that shows man with
the the the fake Bigfoot wrapped around
his keep scrolling there's uh yeah
that's a good one yeah guy that's the
guy
so that's what that thing looked like
yeah so if you saw that in the woods
you'd be like holy fucking shit oh yeah
eight foot tall gigantic hairy ape
creature I wouldn't touch it like that
guys touching well he's a fan right now
that's his buddy it's like when you see
dudes from Russia with bears it was hard
but so that's a real animal so that's
probably why there's so many
mythological stories about this thing
and the Native Americans have more than
a hundred different names for these
creatures they find that they thought
was extinct for yeah yeah armored plated
fish yeah there's there's a lot of
animals mean that's cryptozoology in a
nutshell there's a lot of animals that
we think are extinct that probably
aren't but that one is very unlikely one
because it's you know would need an
enormous supply of food yeah yeah I mean
it's a huge huge animal but the thing
about it is that the sightings occur all
in the Pacific Northwest which if you
follow the bearing landmass that's where
they would have come across if they came
across with humans they would have come
across into Alaska where there's a lot
of sightings and down into the Pacific
Northwest where there's a lot of
sightings yeah oh there's sightings all
over the country now yeah but is there
any fossil record outside of Africa
specific its new no no there's not no
there's not yeah
yeah it's all it's Asia actually Asia is
where they find them yeah it's not even
Africa yeah
ironically yeah Asians are tiny yeah oh
right tiny people well it's not a person
not this one it's um it's it's
compelling in the sense that there was a
bunch of different kinds of hominids
that existed yeah you know we only now
know that we interbred with Neanderthals
yeah yeah yeah that's most of us have no
DNA in us
yeah most white folks which is
interesting right because it was it was
the opposite if it was black people had
it it would be a really controversial
subject you know but instead it's dumb
white people like me yeah I have 57%
more Neanderthal DNA than the average
person
you know what I'm not gonna argue that
I'm pretty sure my neanderthal count is
low you'd be surprised at the club you
carry around it's I got rid of that bro
oh it's a European been a lot of
Europeans you know interbred way longer
run than we they well they colonized
Europe
wait yeah wait for they were around for
five hundred thousand years unchanged I
mean Homo sapiens have only been around
no I'm quite all three hundred thousand
years and are
sort of says oh we usurped and we we
drove them into extinction yeah and in
fact now we just made it them into
extinction fight them to death yeah we
just dilute it up yeah what was going
yeah we were ruined their purity right
probably drugged them and neutered him
yeah probably
once you figured out how to do that
which is early you know about that
Hobbit person thing that they found the
aisle on the floor yes that's another
one that they didn't know until it's God
Lorien Sissis I think that's the name of
it it's a tiny little person like Fang
that there was like three feet tall with
yeah and had large feet yeah you guys
looking at me look mm-hmm not bro
no just we all have our own Ginetta yes
that that was a real thing that is
really an image that's why and that a
that existed yeah homo florins see Ensis
that's it and they existed as recently
as 14,000 years ago yeah yeah they
coexisted with modern humans hmm yeah
and they think modern humans might have
wiped them out because they were
probably they think there's some
cannibal it not cannibalism but they
preyed upon our children and stuff like
that they ate us they'd us yeah well
there was one of us one of the things
that I've read the speculation was that
they might have there might have been an
issue with them like invading and trying
to see you know like chimps have stolen
babies and eating them yeah it's a
really common thing actually babies are
delicious well that's why people like
lamb and for exactly yeah that was there
was a company that that produced a vegan
version of human flesh to sell to people
in Papua New Guinea
that's disgusting where do I get there
were no longer allowed to eat human
flesh that's hilarious offal I read this
thing about people in New Guinea that
were cannibals and they were talking to
them after World War two and they were
trying to figure out how the Europeans
once they found out how many people were
killed during World War two they were
trying to figure out how the Europeans
man to eat that much meat yeah and then
they told them no they don't eat the
people they kill and they were horrified
yeah they're like least you waste all
that all the people in battle yeah yeah
yeah yeah it would be whore it's a waste
whenever and then they believe they
absorbed the noble qualities of their
enemy mmm only the good spots yeah
eating certain spots you don't eat yeah
if some if you're if you killed some in
the battle who you thought was really a
a great warrior that's what brings you
back to the whole UFO thing that makes
it so compelling to me and so we have
really serious protocols for dealing
with uncontacted tribes we don't engage
with uncontacted tribes and we find I
mean we always universally agree I mean
the loggers do in the Amazon assholes
and mean people but the the idea in the
scientific community is we should leave
these people alone and so when they find
these uncontacted tribes whether it's
North Sentinel island where that
missionary was killed recently or the
Amazon when they're you know going
through these jungles and finding these
small bands of people the overwhelmingly
everybody wants back off and leave them
alone yeah yeah and they are so close to
us I mean they're human beings there are
Homo sapiens they have tools they have
civilization they have law they have all
these different things that live in
these communities they're us yeah and we
back off
imagine what aliens imagine what aliens
would do imagine yeah that's true that's
their consciousness Jaime if they don't
want to screw that with the human flesh
alternative the healthy human flesh
that's it hoax from like 4chan and deep
fried tofu burger yeah once you see tofu
processed you like oh this is some back
to me this is is this really good for
you like what this is so processed so
fucking slots like reduced to
nothingness and then formed again can I
just eat soybeans like what the fuck is
this yeah what you can do that's the way
to go I think so don't you fucking tofu
tastes like a toothpaste tube well it
tastes like nothing and it's like it's
weird yeah so weird choice yeah I can't
I can't yeah I can't stand anything mate
tofu but I think that if aliens did see
us there they would probably take a
hands-off approach if we weren't totally
ruining everything like if we didn't
have some antimatter weapon Irv yeah
some black hole weapon that we're just
gonna just fucking nuke on New Mexico
just to see how it works if they saw
that it was gonna burn a hole through
the planet and kill everything on they
might step in before they launched CERN
and open up well that was lack hope that
it would create a particle that would
devour the fabric of the universe yeah
that was a black hole that would expand
and expand and expand and dig into what
we did man
maybe we restarted yeah you know maybe
we're in a parallel universe maybe we
were knocked off our timeline into
another place you know it makes less
sense yeah it was it was the things that
the evidence of multiple universes that
we pop in and out of different yeah
right like the fact that we multiverse
it's a Ford logo let's say do you
remember you recognize this part of the
Ford logo and they say most people never
noticed it this is a weird little
squiggle in the f really yeah only said
the FedEx thing blows people's minds -
yes I see arrow what arrow exactly mmm
bring up FedEx if you're never if you
you'll never not see the arrow again
yeah same thing with the Ford logo it's
like this yeah perceptions it's like hmm
and so there the whole time and I did us
I didn't know there was an arrow there
and other people will insist that oh the
FedEx arrow is really Oh interesting
okay but that's an accidental arrow no
you think so they design their they dish
where's the air they definitely designed
it oh yeah right there
mmm the white part yeah yeah yeah I
never see it again or never not see it
again
I know it's funny huh but I mean that
could be like here's a Ford yeah what's
the for you look a little squiggle in
the F Jesus why is that a squiggle why
is its notes on that that's ridiculous
that makes an F like that yeah that
means it actually spells fjord yeah or
for
Lord fool is that an eye what is it
a squiggle why did they do that oh it's
none there didn't used to do that that's
right yeah that's people who insist that
Mary Ellen died in in jail so was there
always a squiggle when did what is that
a real Ford that little thing when did
they make the squiggle okay that's one
because that's what I thought the Ford
thing look yeah someone I saw this maybe
you know did they stop the squiggle at
some point they must have or the
opposite maybe they add the squiggle
David bring up the squiggle without some
on do the research what's a modern Ford
go to you put 2019 Ford Mustang let's
see that let's see if they have a sweet
hasn't squiggle now it does I think
maybe some this quick asshole wanted to
justify his existence by ruining their
pictures logo yeah um okay let's see I
mean logos do change that is the
squiggle that's a squiggle yeah yeah
that's a new Mustang so the squiggle is
current yeah yep the squiggles current
it really doesn't fit no it's stupid it
would look better without that stupid
score globally the only thing that's
saving that squiggles that no one
noticed it up until now oh great now I'm
never human della effect
I hate Mendel effect i but that just
seems like people fucking with something
that's not broken
yeah right yeah it's like let's just
change it up right remember when they
came up with a new coke fuck yeah it was
a like a riot
yes of a parallel universe it's just a
stupid idea this ruined coke yeah yeah
the cokes made with real cocaine the
original coke
yeah no today today yes I thought the
thought they replaced it with caffeine
no they used coca leaves back in the
things locally for flavor
yes in fact the company all dude is
crazy
the company that makes the coke the the
company that uses the coca leaves that
brings in the coca leaves to make
coca-cola is the number one you creator
of medical-grade cocaine they use that
coca leaf to also make medical-grade
cocaine
there's no cocaine and in
coca-cola but there is a flavor pull
that's a bunch of different four logos
yeah over the years I drink diet coke
with 27 1927 to 2003 all of them I like
the one in 1903 that's actually a pretty
dope google coke they use coca leaves to
make coca cola they still do yeah
actually do does that because it makes
cocaine cuz of the yeah because the
recipe for it so it's ass laser
herbal there's like in one Marissa going
yeah yes it's a flavor yeah but the diet
coke is just chemicals it's all
artificial remember I was in school and
the new coke thing happened and the
ceiling of this advertising besides
producing the cocoa flavor agent for
coca-cola the Steffen company extracts
cocaine from the coca leaves which sells
it to Malin crock did a st. Louis
Missouri pharmaceutical manufacturer
that is the only company the United
States licensed to purify cocaine from
medical use medicinal use yeah there you
go
so they're actually using actual coca
leaves so someone I guarantee you if you
follow the paperwork there's a bunch of
cocaine hanging around all those guys
they get a little bit work yeah gives
you a little pep me up right mmm that's
what's amazing is that you're not
allowed to chew the leaves because
apparently chewing the leaves is really
healthy yeah you get flavonoids it's
actually good for you and it gives you a
pickup that's very similar to caffeine
yeah I mean that's why yeah people
living in the you know this forest
what's this gene I just wear things that
pops up when you see a ninety percent of
their sales are done the United States
but it's an Irish tax registered matter
explosion mark weasel moves when them
tax weasel moves yeah taxes that's a
bizarre when you find out these giant
corporations that make billions dollars
if they're all in Ireland and they
weasel out of taxes you know how much
they pay us they don't believe in
socialism did you read that on my new
taxes I paid last year Amazon no zero
zero well you know it's nice
it exists you know you get a one click
and have some toilet paper said I'm
happy use their product and that's why
they need that's why they needed a
billion dollars in tax breaks from the
city of New York how does that work they
could pay zero in taxes zero yeah but
what and why did they need those tax
breaks in Long Island maybe that's why
they're going to anyway like you fucking
dummies you let Amazon fuck you over
like yeah or me with car me that's why
they're I mean here all their money's in
Ireland yeah Ireland's doing great yeah
Harlan's kicking that shit I'm gonna
yeah pawsley aliens got a bank somewhere
I'm gonna curl and there's leaves a
current there's some sort of a ballot
initiative where they're trying to put
psilocybin in the same medicinal
category as they're using as from
aerelon erawan I hope they do because I
mean like we'll be able to get in will
in store in California they're trying to
do that and pass medical the medical
psilocybin for therapy yeah well here's
I've been on antidepressants since
Newsradio days and I'm just actually
just went off at this month this month
are you feeling good look great good
yeah I feel like part of it was cuz I
had this head injury a few years ago
what happened I had a well I don't know
if you remember this I used to drink
quite a bit I do you remember that now I
now I do one night about four years ago
I went out got really drunk right before
Christmas and wound up I guess at a the
bar called the must downtown right
around the corner from my apartment and
I fell down on the patio just fell over
like that I would call it there to you I
would call it a dead fall on the stone
patio with enough force that my brain
gave me a black eye from the inside of
my head it's called cerebral hemorrhage
every way and I had I had a subdural
hematoma I was in the ICU for four days
get this bread I had one of those bright
red blood eyes yeah no pictures yeah I
do somewhere I think one scram yeah no I
guess I'm okay
Tabitha's that's half of Jesus yeah
that's all right Thank You Marie though
it's like Total Recall where you can
just remove things but Christie you know
Chrissy has the photos of all that but
but the worthiest and then I decided I
was alright well I said I gotta quit
drinking and I thought listen you know
it'll be hard but I'll do it and and I
kept waiting for it to get hard to not
drink and it never did like I'm now four
years haven't had a drink in four years
and it's not heroin and yeah you do
anything nothing no pot no no I wish I
could I don't like pot I would think
it'd enjoy what don't you like about it
it makes me very quiet and paranoid
that's my favorite part
yeah but you seem very lucid when you're
on pot yeah I seem very and very
communicative yeah whereas when I'd
smoke pot I can't put a sentence
together
oh yeah it makes me friendly yeah makes
me very withdrawn alcohol makes me
friendly right is that for me - yeah we
say the one thing I miss about drinking
is you know the liking people thing but
I have because of this brain injury it
never was hard to not drink I my urge to
drink was gone from getting knocked in
the head yeah Wow and also I noticed
over the couple years is that I haven't
had any depression whoa and so just
before I guess and like November I said
I talked to my doctors I want to go off
the antidepressants and see what happens
and so I've been like gradually weaned
off in just this month took like the
last any depressant about a month ago so
how long is the weaning process it's
like about three months and no hasn't
really detective yes yes and how do you
do it when you're meaning it's just
gradually reducing the dosage the daily
dosage and then doing it every other day
and then it's gone but they have a
protocol yeah yeah and so did he
discourage you no I doctor was excited
about it so that's great congratulations
good good you know and said but you know
keep keep in touch and little doctor -
yeah yes I guess so yeah I think he had
a reflector on his head that's all you
know not being talked to you lab coat
yeah he was like you know and he's like
I think he lives in the neighborhood
he's always walking around outside
that's him yeah that's a doctor so so we
did it and and so now I'm about a month
one thing without any antidepressant
what what is the difference I don't
really know yet I mean it's higher don't
feel different agent
I definitely feel more emotional you
know I kept crying at the Oscars really
what all of it
what you could have had Kevin Hart host
definitely more I think I'm more
emotional you are connected yeah and you
know supposed to have something you know
hopefully I mean I
hopefully that's I'm part of it ups
thinking I hope it will help with
writing cuz I felt like I was having
trouble coming up with story ideas yeah
you do hug me too long now just yeah oh
I've become a predator yeah but I feel
good about it
this is important so the only thing is
emotions and you feel more creative you
feel more in touch I don't know yet I
don't know and I don't even know if I
feel I just know I I definitely know
there's a there's a heightened emotional
ISM mm-hmm has it affected your
improvised a little while and it doesn't
seem to have but I was worried it would
I was worried that I would be I like I
might not be able to go out and do those
shows because I'd be more I was worried
it might be more Moody and you know mmm
yeah yeah but it so far hasn't affected
them because I went on them and newsreel
because I couldn't work at one point I
got to the parties couldn't work anymore
and that's when I started going on
antidepressants and it saved me you know
so totally believe you know people
should get on meds and stay on them you
know it definitely helps some people I
mean it saved a couple of my friends for
sure yeah there were suicidal and just
really didn't know where to turn they
got on the right ones and you know they
had experiment yeah I don't think I
would have made it through that these
you know mm really Wow
you know and we you know like we just
lost Brody Stephens just yeah died yeah
he got off his meds yeah he he didn't
like the way it felt to be on them and
you know it was so that he's so hard
that's such a hard one to take because
everyone loved that guy and you think
that everyone I mean he has no haters
I don't know a single person was like
that guy was a dick no no no no one
everyone loved him he's everybody really
hurry up from close friends two people
just knew him a little bit like I knew
him just a little bit he was so sweet
but he was so so tortured he was just in
pain all the time and yeah it's just
it's so strange that you think the thing
that people like most is for other
people to love them and care about them
and everybody loved Brody yeah but yet
he couldn't it just couldn't go on but I
never I've never known Brody to have a
relationship yeah I never known him to
have a special someone in his life and I
mean that alone
yeah probably be very very depressed is
he well especially if everyone loves you
but you don't feel connected to any of
them right like how empty that rails and
that's yeah the core fame yeah but it's
also the core of depression I have is
having had depression yeah one of the
things that hits you is that feeling you
just can't connect and is it was yours
coming about when your first marriage
was breaking up I mean I have lifelong
depression but I didn't get it treated
until that point when I was like you
know it was like yeah because marriage
was breaking up and I had to fly to like
Africa twice in a month kids you
remember the time that I protected a
reporter from you Oh at the to see ace
yeah he was on malaria medication and
drinking which apparently enough to yeah
super sweet kind Dave was was gonna kick
someone's ass and I literally had to
like hold on to him and kind of want to
see that yeah when I had that was the
other thing I just been to have been
flown to Africa twice and it just got
back we did the TCS and I think I also
threw a glass at Tony Tony Tony Tony
Jesus yeah fuck him blankie to nice guy
sorry dude
Randall Tony Jesus I love Tony's a great
guy but I was like out of my skull and I
just yeah well that was that was her
part right you took his report you took
his tape recorder and dunked it in
Detroit
yeah like and threatened to kick his ass
yeah because I was yeah I was drunk
yeah and yeah I was like oh my god don't
do something sorry miss I was like I
have to stop this this is crazy
yes yeah when it was after that that
that I went on the antidepressants
crashed really hard after that and it
was like one things I thought they were
gonna work you wouldn't do anything you
were experiencing that combination
apparently of the malaria medication and
alcohols I go crazy conversation yeah
and then you add to that jetlag yeah and
the trauma of being separated from my
kids yeah yeah the malaria pills on
their own yank you mentally all the
things I love her yeah yeah I left her
re to the sound of my my my eldest child
screaming daddy don't go oh you know
which even now I can't talk about God
see it's not worth having kids no no
yeah you have a 17 year old yes it's
good they're on their own now basically
in the year you can off yeah that's
right next year he's going to college
but anyway if you are out there get on
meds and stay on them yeah like Brody
should have stayed on his meds well you
know I just I wish we could have all
known and how he was and how close he
was to that yeah well that's the thing
it's like people think like like suicide
the things like if you're close to
suicide it's the most rational choice
you'll ever make when you're when you're
that close it just seems like the most
sensible way to do this because it's
otherwise it's too much pain yeah I
heard someone describe it as um it's not
even an immersion it's just burning it's
jumping out of a burning building yeah
yeah like there's that choice into the
burning building or yeah was that
feeling right where you go this is not
as a notional decision I mean there's no
choice I've had two friends hang
themselves this year yeah Wow
yeah yeah that that is I never thought I
would ever say that yeah I never thought
that that would be a way that people
would be going out either yeah I
remember we had Drake say there yeah oh
he was hard yeah that was a hard one I
knew Drake back in the
but essentially my open mic days yeah he
was an established comedian in Boston
and I was just starting out oh yeah but
so even though I'm happier than my brain
injury yeah
seems to have cured my depression that's
fucking crazy you know the brain injury
was responsible for Sam Kinison of the
car crash yeah I got hit by a car when
he's a kid and became this wild man yeah
same thing with Roseanne I mean one of
the reasons why I wanted to have
Roseanne on the podcast and talk about
her her issue with her television show
and everything in her outburst and all
the crazy stuff she says on Twitter yeah
it's cuz I know her and I know her past
and so I right away the beginning of the
podcast I was like let's get into what
happened to you and because I don't
think she talked about it that much she
was hit by a car she was in the fucking
psycho psychiatric ward for nine months
yeah like she was gone and she was never
the same person again was this she was
15 years old she was walking across the
street and someone had glare in their
eyes from the Sun and didn't see her hit
her with a car the fucking the hood
ornament went into her head I mean she
had a severe brain injury she couldn't
count anymore she couldn't do math
anymore she was she was a very smart
student before then and then crippled by
it afterwards yeah and then for nine
months she was in a psych ward and she
talked about it I'm like I wanted people
to know like this does think anybody
knows that they know now hopefully more
than they knew then but people that work
with her did so when they were writing
her off like Jesus Christ this is like
taking a person with a broken leg and
saying you know I'm mad at you that you
can't run yeah and that's the thing and
like whatever you're I mean obviously
Roseanne said some crazy and terrible
things and and messed up a lot of
people's lives but she's also a genius
she's a comedic genius yeah she also
made that show one of the best shows on
TV when it was originally on the air
she's always done crazy shit you member
when she grabbed a crotch and spit when
she did the national anthem and
everybody hated her then they went crazy
and this is like yeah early 2000 she did
this she was always wild but that was
why she was so good as a calm that was
her appeal she did not give a fuck I'm
predictable yeah like just wild and that
is like Kinison and it came out of head
injuries you know really that's a lot
well there was the famous story the guy
who
I was working in a mine there was an
explosion and like rebar went through
his brain and they said before he was an
Isis gun after that he became they said
he became evil he was just an evil
person you know after this rebar went
through the frame and I mean there's
also Providence yeah and the Texas
schoolbook depository shooter not wasn't
School Book Depository I'm to confess
Christ our shooter Texas our shooter had
a brain tumor yeah well this is what it
was yeah but you also have people who
have suffered brain injuries and come
out of it being able to speak French yes
yes or play piano yes yes they probably
have a brain injury suddenly can paint
photo realistic paintings yeah yes who I
never had any artistic ability before
but in the brain injury yeah and it
unlocks that well you're all I got was
sobriety example how it's amazing though
it does happen for real well they don't
yeah they can learn it quicker I think I
don't think they know it you know it's
about knowing it no I mean well the
piano I've heard people they they
literally could sit down and tell could
knew what to do well there's certain
things that happen right if people have
certain spectrum issues right where
they're far better at mathematics if are
worse at social interactions
there's there's pathways that are more
lubed for you to figure things out that
aren't as confused by social issues or
social stigmas or just normal human
communication and I think right as
people in history a lot of them a lot of
super fucking geniuses are on spectral
Einstein didn't speak till he was five
Jesus yeah yeah like they thought he was
they thought he was he was mentally
retarded Wow yeah don't speck when they
use that worked it that's right yeah now
you can get in trouble yeah when you had
the head injury so how much time was it
before you felt like did you just stop
drinking on the spot yeah it was
December 22nd remember Jackie was yeah I
want to visit you and and remember it
was Hawaii right they were going on no
New York New York I was gonna go to no
not at a New York
Christina Lina to New York we're gonna
go to New York
for the holidays for Christmas and New
Year's my wife is like now you're not
because you did this you don't get to go
to New York with your with your fam and
they went they went by that way but you
know but then again Chrissy and I woke
up in the ICU and Chrissy and Alena were
there and we celebrated Christmas in the
eye I see you Wow
you know and that was a pivotal moment
yeah yeah so you just decided on the
spot no more drinking yeah I just said
all right I'm gonna think I'm done and
Wow and but again I was preparing
because I but a few years Erlich likes
buddy maybe eight years earlier I tried
quitting drinking you told me about this
you were talking to me about pot yeah we
were talking about you know I gotta stop
drinking how far did you yet I went a
year and a half without drinking I think
that's pretty good yeah right I did I
hated but I hated every minute of it
really yeah it was like every every day
I thought it would be nice to drink
every day you just hung in there for a
few hundred days yeah yeah but even now
like I'll still let go oh yeah I think I
do miss the taste of scotch
you know you've worked so hard to learn
to like it yeah you know and you really
like Scott yeah
and what what are the positive benefits
of not drinking of not drinking you
don't hit me that's true that's only
positive for you Paul that's true I
thought yeah whatever
I think the not that that I don't do
anything to unknowingly embarrass my
daughter if I'm going to embarrass my
daughter now it's deliberate right that
yeah this mostly just just you know
remembering things knowing where I was
yeah the night before no I don't drink
and I embarrass my son every single day
by walking around yes yes being next to
them yeah it's like come on dad do you
think you are a genetic alcoholic or is
this like a learn thing well it's hard
to say cuz I mean obviously alcoholism
runs in my family
how does that just because you know we
were raised by a horrible alcoholic do
you think it's genetically connections
probably Jeannette just predisposition
to it yeah I think there's
the connections to almost all behavior
yeah yeah yeah I don't think you know
I'm you know I don't think there's a
there's a lot of real free will right
yeah I've come to that more and more as
I get older I mean I battle with because
obviously there are conscious choices
you can make and yeah especially when
you did you know really make an effort
to move into a certain path of the way
of the thinking and believing but yeah
what's causing that you know how much is
life experience you can make conscious
efforts to I guess mmm
ameliorate the influences of your genes
yes but it's like it's like you can you
can live healthy eat healthy and avoid
risks and and you're still gonna
probably die around 110 at best at best
if everything goes great yes some new
advanced yeah we're going farther than
that guy yeah we very well good we very
well could I mean I had David Sinclair
from Harvard on two weeks ago who's a
life extension specialist who some
fascinating shit yeah
stop those television snapping off
remember the the notion because people
always talk about you know human
lifespan is we used to look to be 40 on
air but human lifespan hasn't changed at
all since since essentially the
beginnings of human beings hasn't
changed at all the the oldest possible
lifespan is still exactly the same as it
was you know yeah you know and as this
angel guy it's just more people fewer
people are dying young right right
more people are living close to their
potential and a lot of that is infant
mortality if you yeah the actual
statistics the reason why it's so low
yeah it's not necessarily that no one
lived to be 65 back yes yeah babies died
yeah thousands of years ago people did
live to be over a hundred yeah but back
then it's your foot and and died two
weeks later yeah you know what I mean
yes yeah but maximum human lifespan
hasn't changed at all mmm and that's the
thing that maybe is going to start
changing you exercisable
never never ever in your life I mean as
a kid I like sports never like go for a
hike or anything very rarely very really
feel really good I probably would yeah
it'll relieve a lot of tension I just
mean just a little highlight yeah you
know you don't have to do anything crazy
ya know I keep meaning especially now
that I'm I think not just getting older
but
the old yes you know what I'm actually
old dude we were a young when we met I
know our old people know if a kid sees
us like oh those old dudes in their 50s
yeah we're old dudes yeah I know it's
crazy I'm yeah I'm and weird I'm really
almost 60 well you know 56 that's almost
16 it is you know it's closing in long
yeah and I'm a terrible looking 39 it's
true which is good though that gives you
longevity in this business that's why
Steve Martin looks good because he never
looked young jump yeah yeah yeah you
could just listen to like books on tape
and walk it's great man you know just
find a place of like Runyon Canyon just
go walk it it's so nice because you can
do it at your own pace and it's so good
elevates your heart rate without
anything crazy now you know if you have
to do anything nuts yeah I mean I amaze
11 on the road so I have been doing it
on the road but I haven't like started
doing like some like light weight
lifting and oh great great yeah yeah do
you know just hire someone feels good
maybe some come over your house and tell
you to do it I think that's the way to
do it so just make you do it they're
there 10 a.m. you oh hi Bob yeah no way
yeah yeah mmm
get some hot russian lady yells at you
that sounds great great there now
there's my next divorce are you still
doing stand-up I know you're doing
stand-up little bit you know what I am
gonna do again
no okay go all right last one all right
stop stop okay stop no I stopped doing
stand-up once you got the television oh
yeah yeah I love that guy I don't see
him enough it's it's cool to see you two
guys together it is you know cuz that's
I don't want to say it's a lifetime ago
there's a lifetime one but those are in
your 20s 30s oh yeah I mean I was a
totally different human being yeah I was
27 you were 100%
what's yeah yeah yeah I was crazy I was
I was completely insane what what where
was the switch for you well I got older
and wiser and realized how fucking
stupid it was but also I was only a few
years removed from fighting
you know when I first started doing news
radio it was only like five years
removed from my last fight and I still
was sparring so still getting hit in the
head a lot
would you like come into work with a
what the face full of bruises no not
that bad I started doing jujitsu
somewhere around Newsradio to around 96
so that was like I stopped really
kickboxing very much after that and then
I think I stopped entirely when I was
like thirty I just realized like this is
gotta stop I gotta stop doing this so
you weren't smore you like this fit guy
that just left it all behind or always
did you always keep it up I work out for
sanity I've always worked out for Sam
you know a lot of people do that I need
it you know for whatever it is and also
like my personality was sort of forged
by having these moments of clarity after
extreme exertion you know that was my
person I was formed that way like if I
had a problem if I had something that I
was dealing with I would just blow it
out at the gym and then I'd have a
better look at it and probably wind up
calling someone in apologizing or so no
interesting so it's like a rush of
oxygen to the brain
yeah well Russ a rush of oxygen in the
brain and maybe even more important more
important that a draining of excess
energy right because I think once you if
you develop a certain way like I did
martial arts literally most of my adult
life and growing life up into that point
and so my my body had sort of developed
with this need for that exertion in
order to have clarity and so I just I'm
like this is my formula I'm sticking
with it so I never let it go it's
amazing that you did stick that you've
never gone away from that I can't that's
I want if I don't think right I don't
think right I think wait I think so much
better when I exercise I mean there's no
comparison it's like a pill I did this
sober October fitness challenge things
with my friends in October and we went
crazy we were working out like three
hours a day because we were wearing
these heart monitors and one of the
things that I read because we're trying
to like get a certain score and whoever
got the highest score one one of the
things that I recognized from that was
that the more I did in terms of cardio
especially
the less things bothered me there were
more clarity I had the more peaceful I
felt the more at ease I felt no more no
internal chatter you know I just think
for what everybody's is their own
biological makeup and for me my BOB my
biological makeup is entirely just gonna
get all the health benefits from it is
no benefits are giant but for me it's up
my mind actually yeah you know a friend
of mine said that sitting is the new
smoking
you think we say that does that does
that made for you it's a compression of
your your discs for sure especially your
lower back and if you don't have a good
posture it's not good yeah you can
mitigate it with exercise you know just
gotta make sure that you don't only sit
you know stretch yourself out take a
yoga class I'm liking this I should be
writing this down seriously no do you do
any exercise I'm I'm starting more I I
found out if it's hilarious I would like
have kind of I had a Gulf back injury
type thing coughs like we swing that
fucker this long it's hard it's hard on
your back so I go I go to the doctor and
x-rays me and I got frickin scoliosis
that I never knew oh why all my life
yeah I want the bottom of my spine yeah
do about that laugh at me by the way I'm
in there with my wife Jackie well he
brings in the ex x-rays
put them up on the thing goes hey buddy
you got scoliosis and she bursts out
laughing now everything says that's why
you walk that way for real oh that's
hilarious
every school at some point had one the
one hot girl with scoliosis who had the
headgear I go oh she didn't have that
headgear and she's really hot they had
to have headgear for scoliosis yes he
tried to strata no neck and head men
like metal rods yeah I thought that was
a broken neurosis that's a neck hey Vera
girl
whole chest thing yes yeah is like a big
plastic best she had to wear to keep her
like spine street kid wears like 2 years
or something you know work sure I guess
I mean she didn't stay in touch
what do they do with it my sketches she
you know is still the same thing I had a
meeting with the specialist yeah and
he's like well I like operating on
people
I like when they're asleep but you know
you could do some exercises and some you
know physical therapy and stuff to
alleviate it yeah if it gets so bad down
the road I could maybe help you out with
some rods so there you went in there
because there was an initial issue I had
I had like issues when I was young when
I used to do like track and field and
stuff I would get like a pain in an area
mm-hmm and then it kind of went away
most of my life then I started golfing
and then I golf more and more and then
one day I didn't wore him up
I did I did a twist and it just frickin
yeah mmm and it was almost certain smack
and I went and it was like you've always
had this condition but there's a picture
of Paul there you go
I know I look terrible in that part
that's a strange level foul
that's hilarious that's like what's
going on this dick that's like an ER
let's like text getting constricted
second that's that's something they'd
wear on its loose the costume from TLC
yeah it is androgynous phase yeah yeah
they said I just got to suck it up and
exercise and get a strong core and I
should be fine
take yoga that's like I got to do that
that's like keep hearing for old people
all the time yeah did you just start as
an old person no I was younger and then
I didn't do it seriously until about
three four years ago then I stood now do
it because you always martial art yeah
and obviously that yoga was for people
that just were too lazy for martial arts
no yoga's Yoga does some things that
really enhance martial arts yeah hot
yoga guy yeah I like that stuff yeah
liked it that seems like torture to me
it is a little bit torture but it's
really good for you because your body
produces heat shock proteins that are
similar to when you go into a sauna
feels great when you come out of there
you feel great but it's also really good
for inflammation just the act of doing
it in itself in the extreme heat like
sauna would be amazing for you too for
that reason yeah when heat shock but
this woman named dr. Rhonda Patrick
that's a regular on the show I have her
on all the time and she's genius but
she's a huge believer in sauna and they
did a study and I was like Sweden or
some shit where they took people with
regular sauna use versus not and the
regular sauna use had a 40% decrease in
all cause mortality heart attack stroke
cancer yes because your when your
regular using it 20 minutes a day for
four days a week what they're sent
essentially saying is that your body
producing those heat shock proteins and
those cytokines 20 minutes see okay no
no heat heat sauna just saw me just
suddenly sitting in a sauna
going in a sauna out here sit in the
sauna 20 minutes that just doing that is
because almost all ailments and issues
and deal with inflammation yeah well I
that's I I have to pinch nerves right
now and like herniated discs and and
they were like I was like like on the
couch for like two months cousins that
from your injury no I don't I don't
think it was I don't know what it was
from but it was a man and made him but
it was like one day it just started my
arm my arm started hurting and you're
talking pointed towards your neck yeah
it's like somewhere in here her need
this so that makes sense
yes yeah that's your lower back but the
arm her two months my arm oh my arm
my entire arm felt like it was going to
explode mm-hmm I felt like there was
this pressure building up in it and it
was literally like like it was gonna
explode and and I was getting like one
of the kind of the shots you get when
you're having a pepid or I was getting a
turtle shots that we're doing nothing I
was taking 16 advil a day take that yeah
and I was getting no pain relief all and
then I started using CBD ah and like
that it was gone
amazing like and even now is like you
know I couldn't I couldn't do in it for
two solid months I couldn't get off the
couch
CBDs incredible yeah I use that so so
much yes I got that rubbing stuff that's
great to it and it makes it better for
about two days my friend Hans though he
told me he has a shortage recent
shoulder surgery and he said everybody
likes to use the rub stop but you really
should take it with the edible stuff
like oil oral CBD and rub stuff works
together smoking again I started I had
the Kirino just I have a pop a pill yeah
I agree know that I grew up and then I
started using the tincture with it mhm
we have some here if you want some yeah
see there case in the back that that
case is given to us by Spade weed yeah
that big chest chest a lot of marijuana
that's a lot of ways crazy and here's
the thing try starting on the tincture
along with the the cream yes my
arthritis went away - yeah yeah this
finger stuff meant yeah good I couldn't
bend my hand Wow yeah and it's like
that's gone my inflammation yeah the
knee my arthritis my knee is completely
gone it'll go away even further if you
cut out sugar yeah I did that and I felt
fantastic yeah sugar was gone crazy
right mm-hmm
pours in ourselves our whole lives
that's a poison yeah yeah absolutely
that's the one thing when I quit
drinking I wanted more sugar Oh in
effect cuz I've never had a sweet tooth
really but one thing when I quit
drinking I suddenly was craving the
ketone glut of course yeah
makes sense I should go back to zero
sugar I went zero sugar for a while and
it felt amazing though I'm just like
little tiny bits here and there do you
do zero I do
I had dessert Saturday night I had a big
old cake with ice cream on dinner
so no checker I went on a date with the
wife at Mastro's we have this fat steak
and then I got this butter cake with ice
cream and all sounds great so how do you
say no to that that sounds amazing and
occasionally you got to say fuck it yeah
yeah yeah but I just for the most part
I'm on like an 8020 diet 80% of it is
super healthy and then the 20% is
occasionally off yeah yeah I've seen
that that too 2 & 5 fasting mmm yeah
where are you two days a week you do
like 600 calories yeah mmm the rest the
week you can do whatever you want I'm on
the seven and zere
seven pick out I I do intermittent
fasting so every night if I you know
have dinner at 7:00 p.m. you know I
don't eat anything for 16 hours
you know once you're at Passover and
yeah like my cholesterol just dropped
through the floor yeah when I when I did
that but I have been doing it lately
ya know boys we just did three hours oh
my god we do this more often
this is our only our second podcast ever
not it's crazy
yeah and I'm in much better shape this
time yeah great man everything's
wonderful
yeah um tell people the name of your
podcast Adam yeah it reads says don't
say with Paul and Dave yeah so once you
get there be warned it don't say kala
Dave but we can't put that in print um
give away your Instagram handle I am
Twitter all Greenberg one that's ERG and
I'm going to stay Foley on Instagram and
I'm David David Davis Foley on Twitter
and our show is don't say with Alton
Alton name Dave mm-hmm and you know it
and and and if I've done this wrong and
Dave you go then you can just use
another web search in your own and maybe
not have everything spoon-fed to you
right yes together do some work for once
yeah all right beautiful
thank you guys what's why exhales you're
having us that was great thank you
yeah that was great I was really fun
thank you
[Music]
[Applause]